Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
                 By J. K. Rowling

   The dedication of this book is split seven ways.
                       To Neil
                     To Jessica
                      To David
                      To Kenzie
                        To Di
                      To Anne
                     And to You
    If you have stuckwith Harry until the very end.


                    Contents

                      One [goto]
              The Dark Lord Ascending

                      Two [goto]
                   In Memorandum

                     Three [goto]
               The Dursleys Departing

                      Four[goto]
                  The Seven Potters

                      Five [goto]
                   Fallen Warrior

              Six [goto]
        The Ghoul in Pajamas

             Seven [goto]
    The Will of Albus Dumbledore

             Eight [goto]
            The Wedding

             Nine [goto]
           A Place to Hide

              Ten [goto]
           Kreacher's Tale

            Eleven [goto]
              The Bribe

            Twelve [goto]
            Magic is Might

            Thirteen [goto]
The Muggle-born Registration Commission

           Fourteen [goto]
              The Thief

            Fifteen [goto]
        The Goblin's Revenge

            Sixteen [goto]
           Godric's Hollow

           Seventeen [goto]
           Bathilda's Secret

           Eighteen [goto]
The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore

           Nineteen [goto]
           The Silver Doe

            Twenty [goto]
        Xenophilius Lovegood

          Twenty-One [goto]
   The Tale of the Three Brothers

          Twenty-Two [goto]
         The Deathly Hallows

         Twenty-Three [goto]
           MalfoyManor

         Twenty-Four[goto]
          The Wandmaker


          Twenty-Five [goto]
            Shell Cottage

          Twenty-Six [goto]
              Gringotts

         Twenty-Seven [goto]
       The Final Hiding Place

         Twenty-Eight [goto]
         The Missing Mirror

         Twenty-Nine [goto]
          The Lost Diadem

                                      Thirty [goto]
                            The Sacking of Severus Snape

                                   Thirty-One [goto]
                                The Battle of Hogwarts

                                   Thirty-Two [goto]
                                   The Elder Wand

                                 Thirty-Three [goto]
                                   The Prince's Tale

                                  Thirty-Four[goto]
                                   The Forest Again

                                   Thirty-Five [goto]
                                      King's Cross

                                   Thirty-Six [goto]
                                The Flaw in the Plan

                                    Epilogue [goto]


Chapter One
The Dark Lord Ascending

The two men appeared out of nowhere, a few yards apartin the narrow, moonlit
lane. For a second they stood quite still, wands directed at each other's chests; then,
recognizing each other, they stowed their wands beneath their cloaks and started walking
brisklyin the same direction.
  "News?" asked the taller of the two.
  "The best," replied Severus Snape.
Thelane was bordered on theleft by wild, low-growing brambles, on the right by a high,
neatlymanicured hedge. Themen's longcloaks flapped around their ankles as they

marched.
    "Thought I might be late," said Yaxley, his bluntfeatures slidingin and out of sight as
the branches of overhanging trees broke themoonlight."It was a little trickier than I
expected. But I hope he willbe satisfied. You sound confident that your reception willbe
good?"
    Snape nodded, but did not elaborate. They turned right, into a wide driveway thatled
off thelane. The highhedge curved into them, running offinto the distance beyond the
pair ofimposing wrought-iron gates barring themen's way. Neither of them broke step:
In silence both raised theirleft armsin a kind of salute and passed straight through, as
though the dark metalwas smoke.
The yew hedges muffled the sound of the men's footsteps. There was a rustle
somewhere to their right:Yaxley drew his wand again pointingit over his companion's
head, but the source of the noise proved to be nothingmore than a pure-white peacock,
struttingmajestically along the top of the hedge.
"He always did himself well, Lucius. Peacocks ..." Yaxley thrust his wand back
under his cloak with a snort.
A handsomemanor house grew out of the darkness at the end of the straight drive,
lights glintingin the diamond paned downstairs windows. Somewhere in the dark garden
beyond the hedge a fountain was playing. Gravel crackled beneath theirfeet as Snape and
Yaxley sped toward thefront door, which swunginward at their approach, though
nobody had visibly opened it.
The hallway was large, dimlylit, and sumptuously decorated, with a magnificent
carpet coveringmost of the stonefloor. The eyes of the pale-faced portraits on the wall
followed Snape and Yaxley as they strode past. The two men halted at a heavy wooden
door leadinginto the next room, hesitated for the space of a heartbeat, then Snape turned
the bronze handle.
The drawing room was fullof silent people, sitting at a long and ornate table. The
room's usualfurniture had been pushed carelesslyup against the walls. Illumination
camefrom a roaringfire beneath a handsomemarblemantelpiece surmounted by a gilded
mirror. Snape and Yaxleylingered for a moment on the threshold. As their eyes grew
accustomed to thelack oflight, they were drawn upward to the strangestfeature of the
scene: an apparentlyunconscious humanfigure hangingupside down over the table,
revolving slowly as if suspended by aninvisible rope, and reflected in themirror and in
the bare, polished surface of the table below. None of the people seated underneath this
singular sightwere looking atit except for a pale youngman sitting almost directly below
it. He seemed unable to prevent himselffromglancingupward every minute or so.

"Yaxley. Snape," said a high, clear voice from the head of the table. "You are
very nearlylate."
The speaker was seated directlyinfront of thefireplace, so thatit was difficult, at
first, for the new arrivals to make outmore than his silhouette. As they drew nearer,
however, hisface shone through the gloom, hairless, snakelike, with slits for nostrils and
gleaming red eyes whose pupils were vertical. He was so pale that he seemed to emit a
pearlyglow.
"Severus, here," said Voldemort, indicating the seat on hisimmediate right.
"Yaxley ­ beside Dolohov."
The two men took their allotted places. Most of the eyes around the table
followed Snape, and it was to himthat Voldemort spoke first.
"So?"
"My Lord, the Order of the Phoenixintends to move Harry Potter fromhis current
place of safety on Saturday next, at nightfall."
Theinterest around the table sharpened palpably: Some stiffened, others fidgeted,
allgazing at Snape and Voldemort.
"Saturday ... at nightfall,"repeated Voldemort. His red eyes fastened upon
Snape's black ones with suchintensity that some of the watchers looked away,
apparently
fearfulthat they themselves would be scorched by theferocity of the gaze. Snape,
however, looked calmly back into Voldemort's face and, after a moment or two,
Voldemort's lipless mouth curved into somethinglike a smile.
"Good. Very good. And thisinformation comes ­"
" ­ from the source we discussed," said Snape.
"My Lord."
Yaxleyhad leaned forward to look down thelong table at Voldemort and Snape.
Allfaces turned to him.
"My Lord, I have heard differently."
Yaxley waited, but Voldemort did not speak, so he went on, "Dawlish, the Auror,
let slip that Potter willnot be moved untilthe thirtieth, the night before the boy turns
seventeen."
Snape was smiling.
"My source told me that there are plans to lay a false trail; this must be it. No
doubt a Confundus Charmhas been placed upon Dawlish. It would not be thefirst time;
heis known to be susceptible."
"I assure you, my Lord, Dawlish seemed quite certain," said Yaxley.

"Ifhe has been Confunded, naturallyhe is certain," said Snape. "I assure you,
Yaxley, the Auror Office willplayno further partin the protection of Harry Potter. The
Order believes that we haveinfiltrated the Ministry."
"The Order's got one thing right, then, eh?" said a squatman sitting a short
distance fromYaxley; he gave a wheezy giggle that was echoed here and there along the
table.
Voldemort did notlaugh. Hisgaze had wandered upward to the body revolving
slowly overhead, and he seemed to be lost in thought.
"My Lord," Yaxley went on, "Dawlish believes an entire party of Aurors willbe
used to transfer the boy ­"
Voldemort held up a large white hand, and Yaxley subsided at once, watching
resentfully as Voldemort turned back to Snape.
"Where are they going to hide the boy next?"
"At the home of one of the Order," said Snape. "The place, according to the
source, has been given every protection that the Order and Ministry together could
provide. I think that there is little chance of takinghimonce heis there, my Lord, unless,
of course, the Ministry has fallen before next Saturday, whichmightgiveus the
opportunity to discover and undo enough of the enchantments to break through the rest."
"Well, Yaxley?"Voldemort called down the table, thefirelightglinting strangely
inhis red eyes. "Will the Ministry havefallen by next Saturday?"
Once again, allheads turned. Yaxley squared his shoulders.
"My Lord, I have good news on that score. I have ­ with difficulty, and after great
effort ­ succeeded in placing an Imperius Curse upon Pius Thicknesse."
Many of those sitting around Yaxleylooked impressed; hisneighbor, Dolohov, a
man with along, twisted face, clapped himon the back.
"Itis a start," said Voldemort. "ButThicknesseis only oneman. Scrimgeour must
be surrounded by our people before I act. One failed attempt on the Minister's life will
setme back a long way."
"Yes ­ my Lord, thatis true ­ but you know, as Head of the Department of
Magical Law Enforcement, Thicknesse has regular contact not only with the Minister
himself, but also with the Heads of allthe other Ministry departments. It will, I think, be
easy now that we have such a high-ranking officialunder our control, to subjugate the
others, and then they can allwork together to bring Scrimgeour down."
"As long as our friend Thicknesse is not discovered before he has converted the
rest," said Voldemort. "At any rate, it remainsunlikely that the Ministry willbemine
before next Saturday. If we cannot touch the boy at his destination, thenitmust be done

whilehe travels."
"We are at an advantage there, my Lord," said Yaxley, who seemed determined to
receive some portion of approval. "We now have several people planted within the
Department of MagicalTransport. If Potter Apparates or uses the Floo Network, we
shall
know immediately."
"He willnot do either," said Snape. "The Order is eschewing anyform of
transport thatis controlled or regulated by the Ministry; they mistrust everything to do
with the place."
"Allthe better," said Voldemort. "He willhave to movein the open. Easier to
take, byfar."
Again, Voldemortlooked up at the slowly revolving body as he went on, "I shall
attend to the boy in person. There have been too manymistakes where Harry Potter is
concerned. Some of themhave been my own. That Potter lives is duemore to my errors
than to his triumphs."
The company around the table watched Voldemort apprehensively, each of them,
by his or her expression, afraid that they might be blamed for Harry Potter's continued
existence. Voldemort, however, seemed to be speakingmore to himself than to any of
them, stilladdressing the unconscious body above him.
"I have been careless, and so have been thwarted by luck and chance, those
wreckers of allbut the best-laid plans. But I know better now. I understand those things
that I did not understand before. I must be the one to killHarry Potter, and I shallbe."
At these words, seeminglyin response to them, a sudden wailsounded, a terrible,
drawn-out cry ofmisery and pain. Many of those at the tablelooked downward, startled,
for the sound had seemed to issuefrombelow theirfeet.
"Wormtail,"said Voldemort, withno changeinhis quiet, thoughtfultone, and
without removinghis eyes from the revolving body above, "have I not spoken to you
about keeping our prisoner quiet?"
"Yes, m-my Lord,"gasped a smallmanhalfway down the table, who had been
sitting so low inhis chair thatit appeared, at first glance, to be unoccupied. Now he
scrambled fromhis seat and scurried fromthe room, leavingnothing behind himbut a
curious gleam of silver.
"As I was saying," continued Voldemort, looking again at the tense faces ofhis
followers, "I understand better now. I shallneed, for instance, to borrow a wand from
one
of you before I go to kill Potter."

Thefaces around him displayed nothing but shock; hemighthave announced that
he wanted to borrow one of their arms.
"No volunteers?" said Voldemort. "Let's see ... Lucius, I see no reason for you to
have a wand anymore."
Lucius Malfoylooked up. His skin appeared yellowish and waxyin thefirelight,
and his eyes were sunken and shadowed. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse.
"My Lord?"
"Your wand, Lucius. I require your wand."
"I ..."
Malfoy glanced sideways at his wife. She was staring straight ahead, quite as pale
as he was, her long blonde hair hangingdown her back, but beneath the table her slim
fingers closed briefly onhis wrist. At her touch, Malfoy put his hand into his robes,
withdrew a wand, and passed it along to Voldemort, who held itup infront ofhis red
eyes, examiningit closely.
"Whatisit?"
"Elm, my Lord," whispered Malfoy.
"And the core?"
"Dragon ­ dragon heartstring."
"Good," said Voldemort. He drew out his wand and compared thelengths. Lucius
Malfoy made aninvoluntarymovement;for a fraction of a second, it seemed he expected
to receive Voldemort's wand in exchange for his own. The gesture was notmissed by
Voldemort, whose eyes widened maliciously.
"Give youmy wand, Lucius? My wand?"
Some of the throng sniggered.
"I have givenyou your liberty, Lucius, is that not enoughfor you? But I have
noticed thatyou and your family seemless than happy oflate ... Whatis it about my
presence inyour home that displaces you, Lucius?"
"Nothing ­ nothing, my Lord!"
"Such lies Lucius ... "
The soft voice seemed to hiss on even after the cruelmouth had stopped moving.
One or two of the wizards barely repressed a shudder as the hissinggrew louder;
somethingheavy could be heard sliding across thefloor beneath the table.
The huge snake emerged to climb slowlyup Voldemort's chair. It rose, seemingly
endlessly, and came to rest across Voldemort's shoulders:its neck the thickness of a
man's thigh;its eyes, with their vertical slitsfor pupils, unblinking. Voldemort stroked
the creature absently withlong thinfingers, stilllooking at Lucius Malfoy.

"Why do the Malfoys look so unhappy with theirlot? Is my return, my rise to
power, not the very thing they professed to desirefor so manyyears?"
"Of course, my Lord," said Lucius Malfoy. His hand shook as he wiped sweat
fromhis upper lip. "We did desire it ­ we do."
To Malfoy's left, his wifemade an odd, stiffnod, her eyes averted from
Voldemort and the snake. To his right, his son, Draco, who had been gazingup at the
inert body overhead, glanced quickly at Voldemort and away again, terrified to make eye
contact.
"My Lord," said a dark woman halfway down the table, her voice constricted with
emotion, "itis an honor to have you here, in our family's house. There can be no higher
pleasure."
She sat beside her sister, as unlike her inlooks, withher dark hair and heavily
lidded eyes, as she was in bearing and demeanor; where Narcissa sat rigid and impassive,
Bellatrixleaned toward Voldemort, for mere words could not demonstrate her longingfor
closeness.
"No higher pleasure," repeated Voldemort, his head tilted a little to one side as he
considered Bellatrix. "Thatmeans a great deal, Bellatrix, fromyou."
Her face flooded with color; her eyes welled with tears of delight.
"My Lord knows I speak nothing but the truth!"
"No higher pleasure ... even compared with the happy event that, I hear, has
taken place inyour family this week?"
She stared at him,her lips parted, evidently confused.
"I don't know what youmean, my Lord."
"I'mtalking aboutyour niece, Bellatrix. And yours, Lucius and Narcissa. She has
justmarried the werewolf, Remus Lupin. Youmust be so proud."
There was an eruption of jeeringlaughter from around the table. Manyleaned
forward to exchangegleefullooks; a few thumped the table with their fists. The giant
snake, disliking the disturbance, opened its mouth wide and hissed angrily, but the Death
Eaters did not hear it, so jubilant were they at Bellatrix and the Malfoys' humiliation.
Bellatrix's face, so recentlyflushed withappiness, had turned an ugly, blotchy red.
"Sheis no niece of ours, my Lord," she cried over the outpouring ofmirth. "We ­
Narcissa and I ­ have never set eyes on our sister since shemarried the Mudblood. This
brat has nothing to do with either ofus, nor any beast shemarries."
"What say you, Draco?" asked Voldemort, and thoughhis voice was quiet, it
carried clearly through the catcalls and jeers. "Willyou babysit the cubs?"
The hilaritymounted; Draco Malfoylooked in terror at his father, who was

staring downinto his own lap, then caughthis mother's eye. She shook her head almost
imperceptibly, then resumed her own deadpan stare at the opposite wall.
"Enough," said Voldemort, stroking the angry snake. "Enough."
And thelaughter died at once.
"Many of our oldestfamily trees become a little diseased over time,"he said as
Bellatrixgazed at him, breathless and imploring, "You must prune yours, mustyounot,
to keep ithealthy? Cut away those parts that threaten the health of the rest."
"Yes, my Lord," whispered Bellatrix, and her eyes swamwith tears of gratitude
again. "At thefirst chance!"
"You shallhaveit," said Voldemort. "And inyour family, so in the world ... we
shall cut away the canker thatinfects us until only those of the true blood remain ..."
Voldemort raised Lucius Malfoy's wand, pointed it directly at the slowly
revolvingfigure suspended over the table, and gaveit a tinyflick. Thefigure came to life
with a groan and began to struggle againstinvisible bonds.
"Do you recognize our guest, Severus?" asked Voldemort.
Snape raised his eyes to the upside downface. All of the Death Eaters were
lookingup at the captive now, as thoughthey had been given permission to show
curiosity. As she revolved to face thefirelight, the woman said in a cracked and terrified
voice, "Severus! Help me!"
"Ah, yes," said Snape as the prisoner turned slowly away again.
"And you, Draco?" asked Voldemort, stroking the snake's snout withhis wand-
free hand. Draco shook his head jerkily. Now that the woman had woken, he seemed
unable to look at her anymore.
"Butyou would not have taken her classes," said Voldemort. "For those ofyou
who do not know, we are joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, untilrecently,
taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry."
There were smallnoises of comprehension around the table. A broad, hunched
woman with pointed teeth cackled.
"Yes ... Professor Burbage taught the children of witches and wizards all about
Muggles ... how they are not so differentfromus ... "
One of the Death Eaters spat on thefloor. Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape
again.
"Severus ... please ... please ... "
"Silence," said Voldemort, with another twitch of Malfoy's wand, and Charityfell
silent as ifgagged. "Not content with corrupting and polluting theminds of Wizarding
children, last week Professor Burbage wrote animpassioned defense of Mudbloods in the

Daily Prophet. Wizards, she says, must accept these thieves of their knowledge and
magic. The dwindling of the purebloods is, says Professor Burbage, a most desirable
circumstance ... She would have us allmate with Muggles ... or, no doubt, werewolves
... "
 Nobody laughed this time. There was no mistaking the anger and contemptin
Voldemort's voice. For the third time, Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape. Tears
were pouringfromher eyes into her hair. Snape looked back at her, quiteimpassive, as
she turned slowly away fromhimagain.
"Avada Kedavra"
Theflash ofgreen lightilluminated every corner of the room. Charityfell, with a
resounding crash, onto the table below, which trembled and creaked. Several of the
Death
Eaters leapt back in their chairs. Draco fell out ofhis onto thefloor.
"Dinner, Nagini,"said Voldemort softly, and the great snake swayed and slithered
fromhis shoulders onto the polished wood.


Chapter Two
In Memorandum

Harry was bleeding. Clutchinghis righthand inhisleft and swearingunder his
breath, he shouldered open his bedroom door. There was a crunch of breaking china. He
had trodden on a cup of cold tea that had been sitting on thefloor outside his bedroom
door.
        "What the --?"
        He looked around, thelanding ofnumber four, Privet Drive, was deserted.
Possibly the cup of tea was Dudley's idea of a clever booby trap. Keepinghis bleeding
hand elevated, Harry scraped thefragments of cup together with the other hand and threw
theminto the already crammed bin justvisibleinside his bedroom door. Then he tramped
across to the bathroom to runhisfinger under the tap.
        It was stupid, pointless, irritating beyond belief that he stillhad four days left of
beingunable to performmagic...but he had to admit to himself that this jagged cutinhis
finger would have defeated him. He had never learned how to repair wounds, and now he
came to think ofit ­ particularlyinlight ofhisimmediate plans ­ this seemed a serious
flawinhismagical education. Making a mentalnote to ask Hermione how itwas done,
he used a large wad of toilet paper to mop up as much of the tea as he could before

returning to his bedroom and slamming the door behind him.
         Harry had spent themorning completely emptyinghis school trunk for the first
time since he had packed it sixyears ago. At the start of theintervening schoolyears, he
had merely skimmed off the topmost three quarters of the contents and replaced or
updated them,leaving alayer of generaldebris at the bottom ­ old quills, desiccated
beetle eyes, single socks that no longer fit. Minutes previously, Harry had plunged his
hand into this mulch, experienced a stabbing painin thefourth finger ofhis righthand,
and withdrawnit to see a lot of blood.
         He now proceeded a littlemore cautiously. Kneeling down beside the trunk again,
he groped around in the bottom and, after retrieving an old badge thatflickered feebly
between SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY and POTTER STINKS, a cracked and worn-
out
Sneakoscope, and a gold locket inside which a note signed R.A.B. had been hidden, he
finally discovered the sharp edge that had done the damage. He recognized it at once. It
was a two-inch-longfragment of the enchanted mirror that his dead godfather, Sirius, had
givenhim. Harry laid it aside and felt cautiously around the trunk for the rest, but nothing
more remained ofhis godfather's lastgiftexcept powdered glass, which clung to the
deepestlayer of debris like glitteringgrit.
         Harry sat up and examined the jagged piece on whichhe had cuthimself, seeing
nothing but his own brightgreen eye reflected back at him. Then he placed thefragment
on top of thatmorning's Daily prophet, whichlay unread on the bed, and attempted to
stem the sudden upsurge of bitter memories, the stabs of regret and oflonging the
discovery of the broken mirror had occasioned, by attacking the rest of the rubbishin the
trunk.
         It took another hour to emptyit completely, throw away the useless items, and
sort the remainder in piles according to whether or not he would need themfromnow on.
His school and Quidditch robes, cauldron, parchment, quills, and most ofhis textbooks
were piled in a corner, to be left behind. He wondered what his aunt and uncle would do
with them; burn themin the dead of night, probably, as if they were evidence of some
dreadful crime. His Muggle clothing, Invisibility Cloak, potion-making kit, certain books,
the photograph albumHagrid had once givenhim, a stack of letters, and his wand had
been repacked into an old rucksack. In a front pocket were the Marauder's Map and the
locket with the note signed R.A.B. insideit. Thelocket was accorded this place ofhonor
not because itwas valuable ­ in allusualsenses it was worthless ­ but because of whatit
had cost to attainit.
         Thisleft a sizable stack ofnewspapers sitting on his desk beside his snowy owl,

Hedwig: onefor each of the days Harry had spent at Privet Drive this summer.
         He got up off thefloor, stretched, and moved across to his desk. Hedwigmade
no
movement as he began to flick throughnewspapers, throwing theminto the rubbish pile
one by one. The owlwas asleep or else faking; she was angry with Harry about the
limited amount of time she was allowed out of her cage at themoment.
         As he neared the bottom of the pile of newspapers, Harry slowed down,
searching
for one particular issue that he knew had arrived shortly after he had returned to Privet
Drivefor the summer; he remembered that there had been a smallmention on the front
about the resignation of Charity Burbage, the Muggle Studies teacher at Hogwarts. At
last hefound it. Turning to page ten, he sank into his desk chair and reread the articlehe
had been lookingfor.

         ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED
           By Elphias Doge
I met Albus Dumbledore at the age of eleven, on our first day at Hogwarts. Our
mutual attraction was undoubtedly due to thefact that we both felt ourselves to be
outsiders. I had contracted dragon pox shortly before arriving at school, and while
I was no longer contagious, my pock-marked visage and greenishhue did not
encouragemany to approach me. For his part, Albus had arrived at Hogwarts
under the burden ofunwanted notoriety. Scarcely a year previously, his father,
Percival, had been convicted of a savage and well-publicized attack upon three
young Muggles.
Albus never attempted to deny that his father (who was to diein Azkaban) had
committed this crime; on the contrary, when I plucked up courage to ask him, he
assured me thathe knew hisfather to be guilty. Beyond that, Dumbledore refused
to speak of the sad business, thoughmany attempted to make him do so. Some,
indeed, were disposed to praise his father's action and assumed that Albus too was
a Muggle-hater. They could nothave been more mistaken:As anybody who knew
Albus would attest, he never revealed the remotest anti-Muggle tendency. Indeed,
his determined supportfor Muggle rights gained himmany enemies in subsequent
years.
In amatter of months, however, Albus's own fame had begun to eclipse that
of his father. By the end of hisfirst year he would never again be known as the
son of a Muggle-hater, but as nothingmore or less than themost brilliant student

ever seen at the school. Those of us who were privileged to be hisfriends
benefited fromhis example, not to mention his help and encouragement, with
which he was always generous. He confessed to melater inlife that he knew even
then that his greatest pleasure layin teaching.
He not only won every prize of note that the school offered, he was soon in
regular correspondence with themostnotablemagicalnames of the day, including
Nicolas Flamel, the celebrated alchemist; Bathilda Bagshot, the noted historian;
and Adalbert Waffling, themagical theoretician. Several of his papers found their
wayinto learned publications such as Transfiguration Today, Challenges in
Charming, and The Practical Potioneer. Dumbledore's future career seemed
likely to be meteoric, and the only question that remained was when he would
become Minister of Magic. Thoughit was often predicted inlater years that he
was on the point of taking the job, however, he never had Ministerial ambitions.
Three years after we had started at Hogwarts, Albus's brother, Aberforth,
arrived at school. They were not alike:Aberforth was never bookish and, unlike
Albus, preferred to settle arguments by dueling rather than through reasoned
discussion. However, itis quite wrong to suggest, as some have, that the brothers
were notfriends. They rubbed along as comfortably as two such different boys
could do. Infairness to Aberforth, itmust be admitted thatlivingin Albus's
shadow cannot have been an altogether comfortable experience. Being continually
outshone was an occupationalhazard of beinghisfriend and cannothave been
any more pleasurable as a brother. When Albus and I left Hogwarts we intended
to take the then-traditional tour of the world together, visiting and observing
foreign wizards, before pursuing our separate careers. However, tragedy
intervened. On the very eve of our trip, Albus's mother, Kendra, died, leaving
Albus the head, and sole breadwinner, ofthefamily. I postponed my departure
long enough to pay my respects at Kendra's funeral, thenleftfor what was now to
be a solitary journey. With a younger brother and sister to care for, and little gold
left to them, there could no longer be any question of Albus accompanyingme.
That was the period of our lives when we had least contact. I wrote to Albus,
describing, perhaps insensitively, the wonders of my journey, fromnarrow
escapes from chimaeras in Greece to the experiments of the Egyptian alchemists.
Hisletters told melittle ofhis day-to-daylife, which I guessed to be frustratingly
dullfor such a brilliantwizard. Immersed inmy own experiences, it was with
horror that I heard, toward the end ofmyyear's travels, that another tragedy had
struck the Dumbledores: the death of his sister, Ariana.

Though Ariana had been in poor healthfor a long time, the blow, coming so
soon after theloss of theirmother, had a profound effect on both of her brothers.
Allthose closest to Albus ­ and I count myself one of thatlucky number ­ agree
that Ariana's death, and Albus's feeling of personalresponsibilityfor it (though, of
course, he was guiltless), left their mark upon himforevermore.
I returned home to find a youngman who had experienced a much older
person's suffering. Albus was more reserved than before, and muchless light-
hearted. To add to his misery, theloss of Ariana had led, not to a renewed
closeness between Albus and Aberforth, but to an estrangement. (In time this
would lift ­ inlater years they reestablished, ifnot a close relationship, then
certainly a cordial one.) However, he rarely spoke of his parents or of Arianafrom
then on, and hisfriends learned not to mention them.
Other quills willdescribe the triumphs of thefollowingyears. Dumbledore's
innumerable contributions to the store of Wizarding knowledge, includinghis
discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, willbenefitgenerations to come,
as willthe wisdomhe displayed in themany judgments while Chief Warlock of
the Wizengamot. They say, still, that no Wizarding duel ever matched that
between Dumbledore and Grindelwald in 1945. Those who witnessed ithave
written of the terror and the awe theyfelt as they watched these two extraordinary
wizards to battle. Dumbledore's triumph, and its consequences for the Wizarding
world, are considered a turning pointin magicalhistory to match theintroduction
of the International Statute of Secrecy or the downfallof He-Who-Must-Not-Be-
Named.
Albus Dumbledore was never proud or vain;he could find something to value
in anyone, however apparentlyinsignificant or wretched, and I believe that his
earlylosses endowed himwithgreat humanity and sympathy. I shallmiss his
friendship more than I can say, butmyloss is nothing compared to the Wizarding
world's. That he was themostinspiring and bestloved of allHogwarts
headmasters cannot be in question. He died as helived:working always for the
greater good and, to hislast hour, as willingto stretch out a hand to a small boy
with dragon pox as he was on the day I methim.

        Harryfinished reading, but continued to gaze at the picture accompanying the
obituary. Dumbledore was wearinghis familiar, kindly smile, but as he peered over the
top of his half-moon spectacles, he gave theimpression, eveninnewsprint, of X-raying
Harry, whose sadness mingled with a sense of humiliation.

         He had thoughthe knew Dumbledore quite well, but ever since reading this
obituary he had been forced to recognize that he had barely known him at all. Never once
had heimagined Dumbledore's childhood or youth;itwas as thoughhehad sprunginto
being as Harryhad known him, venerable and silver-haired and old. Theidea of a
teenage Dumbledore was simply odd, like trying to imagine a stupid Hermione or a
friendly Blast-Ended Skrewt.
         He had never thought to ask Dumbledore about his past. No doubt it would have
felt strange, impertinent even, but after allithad been common knowledge that
Dumbledore had taken partin thatlegendary duelwith Grindelwald, and Harry had not
thought to ask Dumbledore what that had been like, nor about any of his other famous
achievements. No, they had always discussed Harry, Harry's past, Harry's future, Harry's
plans... and it seemed to Harry now, despite thefact that his future was so dangerous and
so uncertain, that he had missed irreplaceable opportunities when he had failed to ask
Dumbledore more abouthimself, even though the only personal question he had ever
asked his headmaster was also the only one he suspected that Dumbledore had not
answered honestly:
         "What do you see when you look in the mirror?"
         "I? I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks."
         After severalminutes' thought, Harry tore the obituary out of the Prophet, folded
it carefully, and tucked itinside thefirst volume of Practical Defensive Magic and its
Use against the Dark Arts. Thenhe threw the rest of the newspaper onto the rubbish
pile
and turned to face the room. It was much tidier. The only thingsleft out of place were
today's Daily Prophet, stilllying on the bed, and on top ofit, the piece of brokenmirror.
         Harrymoved across the room, slid themirror fragment off today's Prophet, and
unfolded the newspaper. He had merely glanced at the headline whenhe had taken the
rolled-up paper from the delivery owl early thatmorning and thrown it aside, after noting
thatit said nothing about Voldemort. Harry was sure that the Ministry was leaning on the
Prophet to suppress news about Voldemort. It was onlynow, therefore, that he saw
what
he had missed.
         Across the bottomhalf of thefront page a smaller headline was set over a picture
of Dumbledore striding along, lookingharried:

                  DUMBLEDORE ­ THETRUTH ATLAST?
Comingnext week, the shocking story oftheflawed genius considered by many

to be the greatest wizard of hisgeneration. Striping away the popular image of
serene, silver-bearded wisdom, Rita Skeeter reveals the disturbed childhood, the
lawless youth, thelife-longfeuds, and the guilty secrets that Dumbledore carried
to his grave, WHY was theman tipped to be the Minister of Magic content to
remain amere headmaster? WHAT was the real purpose of the secret
organization known as the Order of the Phoenix? HOW did Dumbledore really
meet his end?
        The answers to these and many more questions are explored in the
explosive new biography, The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, by Rita Skeeter,
exclusivelyinterviewed by Berry Braithwaite, page 13, inside.

        Harry ripped open the paper and found page thirteen. The article was topped
with
a picture showing another familiar face: a woman wearing jeweled glasses with
elaborately curled blonde hair, her teeth bared in what was clearly supposed to be a
winning smile, wigglingher fingers up at him. Doinghis best to ignore this nauseating
image, Harry read on.

In person, Rita Skeeter is much warmer and softer than her famously
ferocious quill-portraits might suggest. Greetingmein the hallway of her cozy
home, sheleads me straightinto the kitchen for a cup of tea, a slice of pound cake
and, itgoes without saying, a steamingvat of freshest gossip.
"Well, of course, Dumbledore is a biographer's dream," says Skeeter. "Such a
long, fulllife. I'm sure my book willbe the first of very, verymany."
Skeeter was certainly quick off themark. Her nine-hundred-page book was
completed in amere four weeks after Dumbledore's mysterious death in June. I
ask her how shemanaged this superfast feat.
"Oh, whenyou've been a journalist as long as I have, working to a deadlineis
second nature. I knew that the Wizarding world was clamoringfor thefullstory
and I wanted to be thefirst to meet that need."
I mention the recent, widely publicized remarks of Elphias Doge, Special
Advisor to the Wizengamot and longstandingfriend of Albus Dumbledore's, that
"Skeeter's book containsless fact than a Chocolate Frog card."
Skeeter throws back her head and laughs.
"DarlingDodgy! I remember interviewinghim afew years back about
merpeople rights, bless him. Completely gaga, seemed to think we were sitting at

the bottom of Lake Windermere, kept tellingme to watch outfor trout."
And yet Elphias Doge's accusations ofinaccuracy have been echoed inmany
places. Does Skeeter reallyfeel thatfour short weeks have been enough to gain a
fullpicture of Dumbledore's long and extraordinarylife?
"Oh, my dear," beams Skeeter, rapping me affectionately across the knuckles,
"you know as well as I do how muchinformation can be generated by afat bag of
Galleons, a refusal to hear the word 'no,' and a nice sharp Quick-Quotes Quill!
People were queuing to dish the dirt on Dumbledore anyway. Not everyone
thoughthe was so wonderful, you know ­ he trod on an awfullot ofimportant
toes. But old Dodgy Doge can get offhis highhippogriff, because I've had access
to a source most journalists would swap their wands for, one who has never
spoken in public before and who was close to Dumbledore during themost
turbulent and disturbing phase of his youth."
The advance publicityfor Skeeter's biographyhas certainly suggested that
there will be shocks in storefor those who believe Dumbledore to haveled a
blameless life. What were the biggest surprises she uncovered, I ask?
"Now, come offit. Betty, I'mnot givingaway allthe highlights before
anybody's bought the book!"laughs Skeeter. "But I can promise that anybody
who stillthinks Dumbledore was white as his beard is infor a rude awakening!
Let's just say that nobody hearinghimrage against You-Know-Who would have
dreamed that he dabbled in the Dark Arts himselfinhis youth! And for a wizard
who spent hislater years pleadingfor tolerance, he wasn't exactly broad-minded
when he was younger! Yes, Albus Dumbledore had an extremelymurky past, not
to mention that veryfishyfamily, whichhe worked so hard to keep hushed up."
I ask whether Skeeter is referring to Dumbledore's brother, Aberforth, whose
conviction by the Wizengamotfor misuse ofmagic caused aminor scandalfifteen
years ago.
"Oh, Aberforthis just the tip of the dung heap,"laughs Skeeter. "No, no, I'm
talking aboutmuch worse than a brother with afondness for fiddling about with
goats, worse even than the Muggle-maimingfather ­ Dumbledore couldn't keep
either of them quiet anyway, they were both charged by the Wizengamot. No, it's
themother and the sister thatintrigued me, and a little digginguncovered a
positivenest of nastiness ­ but, as I say, you'llhave to waitfor chapters nine to
twelvefor fulldetails. AllI can say now is, it's no wonder Dumbledore never
talked about how his nose got broken."
Family skeletons notwithstanding, does Skeeter deny the brilliance thatled to

Dumbledore's manymagical discoveries?
"He had brains," she concedes, "althoughmanynow question whether he
could really take full creditfor allofhis supposed achievements. As I revealin
chapter sixteen, Ivor Dillonsby claims hehad already discovered eightuses of
dragon's blood when Dumbledore 'borrowed' his papers."
But theimportance of some of Dumbledore's achievements cannot, I venture,
be denied. What of hisfamous defeat of Grindelwald?
"Oh, now, I'mglad you mentioned Grindelwald," says Skeeter with such a
tantalizing smile."I'm afraid those who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore's
spectacular victorymust brace themselves for a bombshell ­ or perhaps a
Dungbomb. Very dirty business indeed. AllI'llsayis, don't be so sure that there
really was a spectacular duel oflegend. After they've read my book, peoplemay
be forced to conclude that Grindelwald simply conjured a white handkerchief
fromthe end of his wand and came quietly!"
Skeeter refuses to give anymore away on thisintriguing subject, so we turn
instead to the relationship that willundoubtedlyfascinate her readers more than
any other.
"Oh yes," says Skeeter, nodding briskly,"I devote an entire chapter to the
whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship. It's been called unhealthy, even sinister.
Again, your readers willhave to buy mybook for the whole story, but there is no
question that Dumbledore took an unnaturalinterestin Potter from the word go.
Whether that was reallyin the boy's bestinterests ­ well, we'llsee. It's certainly
an open secret that Potter has had a most troubled adolescence."
I ask whether Skeeter is stillin touch with Harry Potter, whom she so
famouslyinterviewed last year: a breakthrough piece in which Potter spoke
exclusively ofhis conviction that You-Know-Who had returned.
"Oh, yes, we've developed a closer bond," says Skeeter. "Poor Potter has few
realfriends, and wemet at one of themost testingmoments ofhislife ­ the
Triwizard Tournament. I am probably one of the only people alive who can say
that they know the realHarry Potter."
Which leads us neatly to themany rumors stillcirculating about Dumbledore's
finalhours. Does Skeeter believe that Potter was there when Dumbledore died?
"Well, I don't want to say too much ­ it's allin the book ­ but eyewitnesses
inside Hogwarts castle saw Potter running awayfrom the scenemoments after
Dumbledore fell, jumped, or was pushed. Potter later gave evidence against
Severus Snape, a man against whomhe has a notorious grudge. Is everything as it

seems? Thatis for the Wizarding community to decide ­ once they've read my
book."
On thatintriguingnote, I take myleave. There can be no doubt that Skeeter
has quilled an instant bestseller. Dumbledore's legion of admirers, meanwhile,
may wellbe trembling at whatis soon to emerge about theirhero.

        Harry reached the bottom of the article, but continued to stare blankly at the
page.
Revulsion and fury rose inhimlike vomit; he balled up the newspaper and threw it, with
allhis force, at the wall, where it joined the rest of the rubbish heaped around his
overflowing bin.
        He began to stride blindly around the room, opening empty drawers and picking
up books only to replace them on the same piles, barely conscious of what he was doing,
as random phrases from Rita's article echoed inhishead: An entire chapter to the whole
Potter-Dumbledore relationship ... It's been called unhealthy, even sinister ... He
dabbled
in the Dark Arts himself in his youth ... I've had access to a source most journalists
would
swap their wands for...
        "Lies!" Harry bellowed, and through the window he saw the next-door neighbor,
who had paused to restart his lawnmower, look up nervously.
        Harry sat downhard on the bed. The broken bit of mirror danced awayfromhim;
he picked itup and turned it over inhisfingers, thinking, thinking of Dumbledore and the
lies with which Rita Skeeter was defaminghim ...
        A flash of brightest blue. Harryfroze, his cutfinger slipping on the jagged edge of
themirror again. He had imagined it, he musthave done. He glanced over his shoulder,
but the wallwas a sickly peach color of Aunt Petunia's choosing:There was nothing blue
there for themirror to reflect. He peered into themirror fragment again, and saw nothing
but his own brightgreen eyelooking back at him.
        He had imagined it, there was no other explanation;imagined it, because he had
been thinking of his dead headmaster. If anything was certain, itwas that the bright blue
eyes of Albus Dumbledore would never pierce him again.

Chapter Three
The Dursleys Departing

The sound of thefront door slamming echoed up the stairs and a voice roared,
"Oh! You!"
Sixteen years of being addressed thus left Harryinno doubt when his uncle was
calling, nevertheless, he did notimmediately respond. He was stillat the narrow fragment
inwhich, for a split second, he had thoughthe saw Dumbledore's eye. It was not untilhis
uncle bellowed, "BOY!" that Harry got slowly out of bed and headed for the bedroom
door, pausing to add the piece of brokenmirror to the rucksack filled with thingshe
would be taking withhim.
"You took you time!" roared Vernon Dursley when Harry appeared at the top of
the stairs, "Get down here. I want a word!"
Harry strolled downstairs, his hands deep inhis pants pockets. When he searched
theliving roomhefound allthree Dursleys. They were dressed for packing; Uncle
Vernon in an old ripped-up jacket and Dudley, Harry's, large, blond, muscular cousin, in
hisleather jacket.
"Yes?" asked Harry.
"Sit down!" said Uncle Vernon. Harry raised his eyebrows. "Please!" added
Uncle Vernon, wincing slightly as thoughthe word was sharp inhis throat.
Harry sat. He thoughhe knew what was coming. His uncle began to pace up and down,
Aunt Petunia and Dudley, followinghis movement with anxious expressions. Finally, his
large purpleface crumpled with concentration. Uncle Vernon stopped infront of Harry
and spoke.
          "I've changed mymind,"he said.
"What a surprise," said Harry.
"Don't you take that tone--" began Aunt Petuniain a shrillvoice, but Vernon
Dursley waved her down
"It's all alot of claptrap," said Uncle Vernon, glaring at Harry with piggylittle
eyes. "I've decided I don't believe a word ofit. We're staying put, we're not going
anywhere."
Harrylooked up at his uncle and felt a mixture of exasperation and amusement.
Vernon Dursley had been changinghis mind every twenty four hours for the pastfour
weeks, packing and unpacking and repacking the car with every change of heart. Harry's
favoritemoment had been the one when Uncle Vernon, unaware the Dudley had added

his dumbbells to his case since thelast timeit been repacked, had attempted to hoistit
back into the boot and collapsed with a yelp of pain and much swearing.
"According to you," Vernon Dursley said, now resuminghis pacingup and down
theliving room, "we ­ Petunia, Dudley, and I ­ are in danger. From ­ from ­"
"Some of `mylot' right?" said Harry
"WellI don't believeit," repeated Uncle Vernon, coming to a haltinfront of
Harry again."I was awake halfthe nightthinkingit all over, and I believeit's a plot to get
the house."
        "Thehouse?" repeated Harry."What house?"
        "This house!" shrieked Uncle Vernon, the veinhisforehead starting to pulse.
"Our house! House prices are skyrocketing around here! You want us out of the way and
then you're going to do a bit ofhocus pocus and before we know it the deeds willbein
your name and ­"
        "Are you out ofyour mind?" demanded Harry. "A plot to get this house? Are you
actually as stupid as youlook?"
        "Don't you dare --!" squealed Aunt Petunia, but again Vernon waved her
down. Slights on his personal appearance were it seemed as nothing to the danger he had
spotted.
        "Justin case you'veforgotten," said Harry, "I've already got a house my godfather
leftme one. So why would I want this one? Allthehappy memories?"
        There was silence. Harry thoughthe had rather impressed his uncle withthis
argument.
        "You claim," said Uncle Vernon, starting to pace yet again, "that this Lord Thing
­"
        "--Voldemort," said Harryimpatiently,"and we've been through this about a
hundred times already. Thisisn't a claim, it's fact. Dumbledore told youlast year, and
Kingsley and Mr. Weasley ­"
Vernon Dursley hunched his shoulders angrily, and Harry guessed that his uncle
was attempting to ward off recollections of the unannounced visit, a few days into Harry's
summer holidays, of two fullygrown wizards. The arrival on the doorstep of Kingsley
Shacklebolt and Arthur Weasleyhad come as a most unpleasant shock to the Dursleys.
Harry had to admit, however that as Mr. Weasley had once demolished half of the living
room, his reappearance could nothave been expected to delight Uncle Vernon.
        "--Kingsley and Mr. Weasley explained it all as well,"Harry pressed on
remorselessly, "Once I'm seventeen, the protective charmthat keeps me safe willbreak,
and that exposes you as wellas me. The Order is sure Voldemort willtarget you,

whether to torture you to try and find out where I am, or because he thinks by holding
youhostage I'd come and try to rescue you."
        Uncle Vernon's and Harry's eyes met. Harry was sure thatin thatinstant they
were
both wondering the same thing. Then Uncle Vernon walked on and Harry resumed,
"You've got to go into hiding and the Order wants to help. You're being offered serious
protection, the best there is."
        Uncle Vernon said nothing but continued to pace up and down. Outside the sun
hunglow over the privet hedges. The next door neighbor's lawn mower stalled again.
        "I thought there was a Ministry of Magic?" asked Vernon Dursley abruptly.
        "Thereis," said Harry, surprised.
"Well, then, why can't they protect us? It seems to me that, as innocent victims, guilty of
nothingmore than harboring amarked man, we ought to qualifyfor government
protection!"
Harrylaughed; he could not help himself. It was so very typical ofhis uncle to put
hishopes in the establishment, even within this world that he despised and mistrusted.
"You heard what Mr. Weasley and Kingsley said," Harry replied.
"We think the Ministry has been infiltrated."
        Uncle Vernon strode back to the fireplace and back breathing so strongly that his
great black mustache rippled hisface stillpurple with concentration.
        "Allright,"he said. Stoppinginfront of Harry get again."Allright, let's sayfor
the sake of argumentwe accept this protection. I still don't see why we can't have that
Kingsley bloke."
        Harrymanaged not to rollhis eyes, but with difficulty. This question had also
been addressed half a dozen times.
        "As I've told you,"he said throughgritted teeth, "Kingsleyis protecting the Mug
­ I mean, your Prime Minister."
        "Exactly ­ he's the best!" said Uncle Vernon, pointing at the blank television
screen. The Dursleys had spotted Kingsley on the news, walking along the Muggle Prime
Minister as he visited a hospital. This, and thefact that Kingsley had mastered the knack
of dressinglike a Muggle, not to mention a certain reassuring somethinginhis slow, deep
voice, had caused the Dursleys to take to Kingsleyin a way that they had certainlynot
done with any other wizard, althoughitwas true that theyhad never seen himwith
earringin.
        "Well, he's taken," said Harry. "But Hestia Jones and Dedalus Diggle aremore
than up to the job ­"

        "If we'd even seen CVs..." began Uncle Vernon, but Harrylost patience. Getting
to his feet, he advanced on his uncle, not pointing at the TV set himself.
        "These accidents aren't accidents ­ the crashed and explosions and derailments
and whatever else has happened since we last watched the news. People are disappearing
and dying and he's behind it ­ Voldemort. I've told you this over and over again, he kills
Muggles for fun. Even thefogs ­ they're caused by dementors, and ifyou can't remember
what they are, ask your son!"
         Dudley's hands jerked upward to tower his mouth. Withhis parents' and Harry's
eyes upon him, he slowlylowered themagain and asked, "There are... more of them?"
"More?"laughed Harry. "More than the two that attacked us, youmean? Of course there
are hundreds, maybe thousands by this time, seeing as theyfeed offfear and despair--"
"Allright, allright blustered," blustered Vernon Dursley."You'vemade your
point ­"
"Ihope so," said Harry,"because once I'mseventeen, allof them ­ Death Eaters,
elementors, maybe even Inferi ­ which means dead bodies enchanted by a Dark wizard ­
willbe able to find you and will certainlyattack you. And ifyou remember thelast time
you tried to outrun wizards, I think you'llagree you need help."
There was a brief silencein which the distant echo of Hagrid smashing down a
wooden front door seemed to reverberate through theinterveningyears. Aunt Petunia
was looking at Uncle Vernon; Dudley was staring at Harry. FinallyUncle Vernon
blurted out, "But what aboutmy work? What about Dudley's school? I don't suppose
those thingsmatter to a bunch oflayaboutwizards ­"
"Don't youunderstand?" shouted Harry. "They will torture and kill you like they
did my parents!"
"Dad," said Dudleyin a loud voice, "Dad ­ I'mgoing with these Order people."
"Dudley," said Harry, "for thefirst timeinyour life, you're talking sense."
He knew the battle was won. If Dudley was frightened enough to accept the Order's help,
his parents would accompanyhim. There could be no question of being separated from
their Duddykins. Harry glanced at the carriage clock on themantelpiece.
"They'll be here in aboutfiveminutes, he said, and when one of the Dursleys
replied, heleft the room. The prospect of parting--probablyforever ­ fromhis aunt,
uncle, and cousin was one that he was able to contemplate quite cheerfully but there was
nevertheless a certain awkwardness in the air. What did you say to one another at the end
of sixteen years' solid dislike?
Back inhis bedroom, Harryfiddled aimlessly withhis rucksack then poked a
couple of owlnuts through the bats of Hedwig's cage. Theyfellwith dullthuds to the

bottom where sheignored them.
"We're leaving soon, really soon," Harry told her. "And then you'llbe able to fly
again."
The doorbellrang. Harry hesitated, then headed back out ofhis room and
downstairs. It was too much to expect Hestia and Dedalus to cope with the Dursleys on
their own.
"Harry Potter!" squeaked an excited voice, themoment Harry had opened the
door; a smallmanin a mauve top hat that was sweepinghim a deep bow. "Anhonor as
ever!"
"Thanks, Dedalus," said Harry, bestowing a smalland embarrassed smileupon
the dark haired Hestia. "It's reallygood of you to do this... They're throughhere, my aunt
and uncle and cousin..."
"Good day to you, Harry Potter's relatives!" said Dedalus happily stridinginto the
living room. The Dursleys did notlook at allhappy to be addressed thus; Harry half
expected another change ofmind. Dudley shrank neared to hismother at the sight of the
witch and wizard.
"I see you are packed and ready. Excellent! The plan, as Harry has told you, is a
simple one," said Dedalus, pulling animmense pocket watch out of his waistcoat and
examiningit. "We shall beleaving before Harry does. Due to the danger of usingmagic
inyour house ­Harry being stillunderageit could provide the Ministry with an excuse to
arrest him­ we shall be driving, say, ten miles or so before Disapparating to the safe
location we have picked outfor you. You know how to drive, I take it?" He asked Uncle
Vernon politely.
"Know how to ­? Of course I ruddy wellknow how to drive!" spluttered Uncle
Vernon.
"Very clever of you, sir, very clever. I personally would be utterly bamboozled by
allthose buttons and knobs," said Dedalus. He was clearlyunder theimpression thathe
was flattering Vernon Dursley, who was visiblylosing confidence in the plan with every
word Dedalus spoke.
"Can't even drive,"hemuttered under his breath, hismustache rippling
indignantly, butfortunatelyneither Dedalus nor Hestia seemed to hear him.
"You, Harry," Dedalus continued, "willwaithere for your guard. There has been
a little changein the arrangements ­"
"What d'you mean?" said Harry at once. "I thought Mad-Eye was going to come
and take me by Side Along-Apparition?"
"Can't do it," said Hestia tersely,"Mad-Eye willexplain."

The Dursleys, who had listened to allof this withlooks of utter incomprehension
on their faces, jumped as aloud voice screeched, "Hurry up!" Harrylooked all around
the
room before realizing the voice had issued fromDedalus's pocket watch.
"Quite right, were operating to a very tight schedule," said Dedalus nodding at his
watch and tuckingit back into his waist coat. "We are attempting to timeyour departure
fromthe house withyour family's Disapparition, Harry thus the charm breaks the
moment you allhead for safety." He turned to the Dursleys, "Well, are we all packed and
ready to go?"
None of them answered him. Uncle Vernon was stillstaring appalled at the bulge
inDedalus's waistcoat pocket.
"Perhaps we should wait outside in the hall, Dedalus,"murmured Hestia. She
clearlyfelt thatit would be tactless for them to remain the roomwhile Harry and the
Dursleys exchanged loving, possibly tearfulfarewells.
"There's no need," Harrymuttered, but Uncle Vernonmade anyfurther
explanation unnecessary by sayingloudly,
"Well, thisis good-bye then boy."
He swunghis right armupward to shake Harry's hand, but at thelastmoment
seemed unable to face it, and merely closed hisfist and began swingingit backward and
forward like a metronome.
        "Ready, Duddy?" asked Petunia,fussily checking the clasp of her handbag so as
to avoid looking at Harry altogether.
        Dudley did not answer but stood there withhismouth slightly ajar, reminding
Harry alittle of the giant, Grawp.
        "Come along, then," said Uncle Vernon.
He had already reached theliving room door when Dudleymumbled, "I don't
understand."
"What don't you understand, popkin?" asked Petunialookingup at her son.
Dudley raised a large, hamlike hand to point at Harry.
"Whyisn't he coming withus?
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petuniafroze when they stood staring at Dudley as
thoughhehad just expressed a desire to become a ballerina.
"What?" said Uncle Vernonloudly.
"Whyisn't he coming too?" asked Dudley.
"Well, he--doesn't want to," said Uncle Vernon, turning to glare at Harry and
adding,"You don't want to, do you?"

"Notin the slightest," said Harry.
"There you are," Uncle Vernon told Dudley."Now come on we're off."
He marched out of the room. They heard thefront door open, but Dudley did not
move and after afew faltering steps Aunt Petunia stopped too.
"What now?" barked Uncle Vernon, reappearingin the doorway.
It seemed that Dudley was struggling with concepts too difficult to putinto words.
After severalmoments of apparently painfulinternal strugglehe said, "But where's he
going to go?"
Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernonlooked at each other. It was clear that Dudley
was frightening them. Hestia Jones broke the silence.
"But... surelyyou know where your nephew is going?" she asked looking
bewildered.
"Certainlywe know," said Vernon Dursley. "He's off with some of your lot, isn't
he? Right, Dudley, let's getin the car, youheard theman, we'rein a hurry.
Again, Vernon Dursleymarched as far as thefront door, but Dudley did not
follow.
         "Off with some of our lot?"
         Hestialooked outraged. Harryhad met this attitude before Witches and wizards
seemed stunned that his closed living relatives took so littleinterestin thefamous Harry
Potter.
"It's fine," Harry assured her. "It doesn't matter, honestly."
"Doesn'tmatter?" repeated Hestia, her voice rising considerably.
"Don't these people realize what you've been through? What danger you are in?
The unique position you hold in the hearts of the antiVoldemortmovement?"
         "Er ­no, they don't," said Harry. "They think I'm a waste of space, actually but I'm
used to ­"
         "I don't think you're a waste of space"
         If Harry had not seen Dudley's lips move, hemightnot have believed it. As itwas,
he stared at Dudley for several seconds before accepting thatitmust have been his cousin
who had spoken;for one thing, Dudley had turned red. Harry was embarrassed and
astonished himself.
         "Well... er... thanks, Dudley."
         Again, Dudley appeared to grapple with thoughts too unwieldy for expression
before mumbling,"You saved mylife,"
         "Not really," said Harry. "It was your soulthe dementor would have taken..."
         He looked curiously at his cousin. They had had virtuallyno contact during this

summer or last, as Harryhad come back to Privet Drive so briefly and kept to his room
so
much. It now dawned on Harry, however, that the cup of cold tea on which he had
trodden thatmorningmightnothave been a booby trap at all. Although rather touched he
was nevertheless quite relieved that Dudley appeared to have exhausted his ability to
express hisfeelings. After openinghis mouth once or twicemore, Dudley subsided into
scarlet-faced silence.
Aunt Petunia burstinto tears. Hestia Jones gave her an approvinglook that
changed to outrage as Aunt Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather than Harry.
"S-so sweet, Dudders..." she sobbed into hismassive chest. "S-such a lovely b-boy... s-
saying thank you..."
        "Buthe hasn't said thank you at all!"said Hestiaindignantly."He only said he
didn't think Harry was a waste of space!"
"Yea but comingfromDudley that's like 'I love you,'" said Harry, torn between
annoyance and a desire to laugh as Aunt Petunia continued to clutch at Dudley as ifhe
had just saved Harryfrom a burning building.
"Are we going or not?" roared Uncle Vernon, reappearingyet again at theliving
room door. "I thoughtwe were on a tight schedule!"
"Yes ­yes, we are," said Dedalus Diggle, who had been watching these exchanged
with an air of bemusement and now seemed to pullhimselftogether. "We reallymust be
off. Harry ­"
He tripped forward and wrung Harry's hand with both ofhis own.
"--good luck. I hope we meet again. The hopes of the Wizarding world rest upon
your shoulders."
"Oh," said Harry, "right. Thanks."
"Farwell, Harry," said Hestia also claspinghis hand. "Our thoughts go withyou."
"Ihope everything's okay," said Harry with a glance toward Aunt Petunia and
Dudley.
"Oh I'm sure we shall end up the best of chums," said Diggle slightly, wavinghis
hat as heleft the room. Hestiafollowed him.
Dudley gently released himselffromhis mother's clutches and walked toward
Harry who had to repress an urge to threaten himwithmagic. Then Dudley held out his
large, pink hand.
"Blimey, Dudley," said Harry over Aunt Petunia's renewed sobs, "did the
dementors blow a different personalityinto you?"
"Dunno,"muttered Dudley,"See you, Harry."

"Yea ..." said Harry, raking Dudley's hand and shakingit. "Maybe. Take care,
Big D."
Dudley nearly smiled. Theylumbered fromthe room. Harryheard his heavy
footfalls on the graveled drive, and then a car door slammed.
Aunt Petuniawhose face had been buried inher handkerchieflooked around at
the sound. She did not seem to have expected to find herself alone with Harry. Hastily
stowingher wet handkerchiefinto her pocket, she said, "Well ­ good-bye" and marched
towards the door withoutlooking at him.
"Good-bye" said Harry.
She stopped and looked back. For a moment Harryhad the strangestfeeling that
she wanted to say something to him; She gave him an odd, tremulouslook and seemed to
teeter on the edge of speech, but then, with a little ofher head, she hustled out of the
room after he husband and son.


Chapter Four
The Seven Potters

Harry ran back upstairs to his bedroom, arriving at the window justin time to see
the Dursleys' car swinging out of the drive and offup the road. Dedalus's top hat was
visible between Aunt Petunia and Dudleyin the backseat. The car turned right at the end
of Privet Drive, its windows burned scarletfor a momentin the now setting sun, and then
itwas gone.
Harry picked up Hedwig's cage, his Firebolt, and his rucksack, gave his
unnaturally tidy bedroom onelast sweepinglook, and then made his ungainly way back
downstairs to the hall, where he deposited cage, broomstick, and bag near thefoot of the
stairs. Thelight was fading rapidly, the hallfullof shadows in the eveninglight. Itfelt
most strange to stand here in the silence and know that he was about to leave thehouse
for thelast time. Long ago, when he had been left alone while the Dursleys went out to
enjoy themselves, the hours of solitude had been a rare treat. Pausing only to sneak
something tasty from thefridge, he had rushed upstairs to play on Dudley's computer, or
put on the television and flicked throughthe channels to his heart's content. It gave him
an odd, empty feeling remembering those times;it was like remembering a younger
brother whomhe had lost.
"Don't you want to take a lastlook at the place?"he asked Hedwig, who was still
sulking withher head under her wing. "We'llnever be here again. Don't you want to

remember allthegood times? I mean, look at this doormat. Whatmemories ... Dudley
sobbed on it after I saved himfromthe dementors ... Turns out he was gratefulafter all,
can you believeit? ... And last summer, Dumbledore walked through thatfront door ... "
Harry lost the thread of his thoughts for a moment and Hedwig did nothing to
help himretrieveit, but continued to sit withher head under her wing. Harry turned his
back on thefront door.
"And under here, Hedwig" ­ Harry pulled open a door under the stairs ­ "is where
I used to sleep! You never knew me then ­ Blimey, it's small, I'd forgotten ... "
Harry looked around at the stacked shoes and umbrellas rememberinghow he
used to wake everymorninglookingup at the underside of the staircase, which was more
often than not adorned with a spider or two. Those had been the days before he had
known anything about his trueidentity; before he had found outhow his parents had died
or why such strange things often happened around him. But Harry could stillremember
the dreams that had dogged him, eveninthose days: confused dreams involvingflashes
of greenlight and once ­ Uncle Vernon had nearly crashed the car when Harry had
recounted it ­ a flyingmotorbike ...
There was a sudden, deafening roar fromsomewhere nearby. Harry straightened
up with a jerk and smacked the top of his head on thelow door frame. Pausing onlyto
employ a few of Uncle Vernon's choicest swear words, he staggered back into the
kitchen, clutchinghis head and staring out of the window into the back garden.
The darkness seemed to be rippling, the air itself quivering. Then, one by one,
figures began to pop into sight as their Disillusionment Charms lifted. Dominating the
scene was Hagrid, wearing a helmet and goggles and sitting astride an enormous
motorbike with a black sidecar attached. All around him other people were dismounting
from brooms and, in two cases, skeletal, black winged horses.
Wrenching open the back door, Harry hurtled into their midst. There was a
general cry ofgreeting as Hermioneflungher arms around him, Ron clapped himon the
back, and Hagrid said, "Allrigh', Harry? Ready fer the off?"
"Definitely," said Harry, beaming around at them all."But I wasn't expecting this
many of you!"
"Change of plan,"growled Mad-Eye, who was holding two enormous bulging
sacks, and whosemagical eye was spinningfrom darkening sky to house to garden with
dizzying rapidity. "Let's get undercover before we talk you throughit."
Harry led them all back into the kitchen where, laughing and chattering, they
settled on chairs, sat themselves upon Aunt Petunia's gleaming work surfaces, or leaned
up against her spotless appliances; Ron, long and lanky; Hermione, her bushyhair tied

back in a long plait; Fred and George, grinningidentically;Bill, badly scarred and long-
haired; Mr. Weasley, kind-faced, balding, his spectacles a little awry; Mad-Eye, battle-
worn, one-legged, his bright bluemagicaleye whizzinginits socket; Tonks, whose short
hair was her favorite shade of bright pink; Lupin, grayer, more lined; Fleur, slender and
beautiful, withher long silvery blonde hair; Kingsley, bald and broad-shouldered; Hagrid,
withhis wild hair and beard, standinghunchbacked to avoid hittinghishead on the
ceiling; and Mundungus Fletcher, small, dirty, and hangdog, withhis droopy beady
hound's eyes and matted hair. Harry's heart seemed to expand and glow at the sight:He
feltincrediblyfond of all of them, even Mundungus, whomhe had tried to strangle the
last time they had met.
"Kingsley, I thoughtyou were looking after the Muggle Prime Minister?"he
called across the room.
"He can get along withoutmefor one night," said Kingsley, "You're more
important."
"Harry, guess what?" said Tonks fromher perch on top of the washingmachine,
and she wiggled her lefthand at him; a ringglistened there.
"You gotmarried?" Harry yelped, lookingfromher to Lupin.
"I'm sorry you couldn't be there, Harry,it was very quiet."
"That's brilliant, congrat ­"
"Allright, allright, we'llhave timefor a cozy catch-up later," roared Moody over
the hubbub, and silence fellin the kitchen. Moody dropped his sacks at hisfeet and
turned to Harry. "As Dedalus probably told you, we had to abandon Plan A. Pius
Thicknesse has gone over, which gives us a big problem. He's madeit an imprisonable
offense to connect this house to the Floo Network, place a Portkey here, or Apparate in
or
out. All donein the name ofyour protection, to prevent You-Know-Who getting in at
you.
Absolutely pointless, seeing as your mother's charm does that already. What he's really
done is to stop you getting out of here safely."
"Second problem:You're underage, whichmeans you've stillgot the Trace on
you."
"I don't ­"
"The Trace, the Trace!" said Mad-Eyeimpatiently. "The charmthat detects
magical activity around under-seventeens, the way the Ministryfinds out about underage
magic! Ifyou, or anyone around you, casts a spellto get you out of here, Thicknesse is
going to know aboutit, and so willthe Death Eaters."

"We can't waitfor the Trace to break, because themomentyou turn seventeen
you'lllose allthe protection your mother gave you. In short, Pius Thicknesse thinks he's
got you cornered good and proper."
Harry could not help but agree with the unknown Thicknesse.
"So what are we going to do?"
"We're going to use the onlymeans of transportleft to us, the only ones the Trace
can't detect, because we don't need to cast spells to use them:brooms, thestrals, and
Hagrid's motorbike."
Harry could see flaws in this plan;however, he held his tongue to give Mad-Eye
the chance to address them.
"Now, your mother's charmwill only break under two conditions:when you
come of age, or" ­ Moody gestured around the pristine kitchen ­ "you no longer callthis
place home. You and your aunt and uncle are goingyour separate ways tonight, in the
fullunderstanding thatyou're never going to live together again, correct?"
Harry nodded.
"So this time, when youleave, there'll be no going back, and the charmwillbreak
themomentyou get outside its range. We're choosing to break it early, because the
alternativeis waitingfor You-Know-Who to come and seize you themomentyou turn
seventeen.
"The one thing we've got on our sideis that You-Know-Who doesn't know we're
movingyou tonight. We'veleaked a fake trailto the Ministry:They think you're not
leavinguntilthe thirtieth. However, this is You-Know-Who we're dealing with, so we
can't rely on himgetting the date wrong; he's bound to have a couple of Death Eaters
patrolling the skies in this general area, justin case. So, we've given a dozen different
houses every protection we can throw at them. They alllook like they could be the place
we're going to hide you, they've allgot some connection with the Order:myhouse,
Kingsley's place, Molly's Auntie Muriel's ­ you get theidea."
"Yeah," said Harry, not entirely truthfully, because he could stillspot a gaping
holein the plan.
"You'llbe going to Tonks's parents. Once you're within the boundaries of the
protective enchantments we've put on their house you'll be able to use a Portkey to the
Burrow. Any questions?"
"Er ­ yes," said Harry. "Maybe they won't know which of the twelve secure
houses I'mheadingfor atfirst, but won'tit be sort of obvious once" ­ he performed a
quick headcount ­ "fourteen of us fly offtoward Tonks's parents?"
"Ah," said Moody, "I forgot to mention the key point. Fourteen of us won't be

flying to Tonks's parents. There willbe seven Harry Potters moving through the skies
tonight, each of themwith a companion, each pair headingfor a different safe house."
Frominside his cloak Moody now withdrew a flask of whatlooked like mud.
There was no need for himto say another word; Harry understood the rest of the plan
immediately.
"No!"he said loudly, his voice ringing through the kitchen. "No way!"
"I told themyou'd take itlike this," said Hermione with a hint of complacency.
"Ifyou think I'mgoing to let six people risk theirlives -- !"
"--because it's thefirst timefor all ofus," said Ron.
"Thisis different, pretending to be me ­"
"Well, none of us reallyfancyit, Harry," said Fred earnestly. "Imagineif
something went wrong and we were stuck as specky, scrawnygits forever."
Harry did not smile.
"You can't do itifI don't cooperate, youneed me to giveyou some hair."
"Well, that's the plan scuppered," said George. "Obviously there's no chance at
all ofus getting a bit ofyour hair unless you cooperate."
"Yeah, thirteen ofus against one bloke who's not allowed to use magic; we've
got no chance," said Fred.
"Funny," said Harry, "really amusing."
"Ifithas to come to force, thenitwill,"growled Moody, his magical eye now
quivering alittleinits socket as he glared at Harry. "Everyone here's overage, Potter, and
they're allprepared to take the risk."
Mundungus shrugged and grimaced; themagical eye swerved sideways to glance
at him out of the side of Moody's head.
"Let's have no more arguments. Time's wearing on. I want a few ofyour hairs,
boy, now."
"But thisis mad, there's no need ­"
"No need!" snarled Moody. "With You-Know-Who out there and half the
Ministry on his side? Potter, ifwe're lucky he'llhave swallowed thefake bait and he'll
be planning to ambush you on the thirtieth, buthe'd be mad not to have a Death Eater or
two keeping an eye out, it's what I'd do. Theymightnot be able to get at you or this
house whileyour mother's charmholds, butit's about to break and they know the rough
position of the place. Our only chance is to use decoys. Even You-Know-Who can't split
himselfinto seven."
Harry caughtHermione's eye and looked away at once.
"So, Potter ­ some ofyour hair, ifyou please."

Harry glanced at Ron, who grimaced at himin a just-do-it sort of way.
"Now!" barked Moody.
With all of their eyes upon him, Harry reached up to the top of his head, grabbed
a hank of hair, and pulled.
"Good," said Moody, limpingforward as he pulled the stopper out of theflask of
potion. "Straightinhere, ifyou please."
Harry dropped the hairinto themudlikeliquid. Themomentitmade contact with
its surface, the potion began to froth and smoke, then, all at once, it turned a clear, bright
gold.
"Ooh, youlook much tastier than Crabbe and Goyle, Harry," said Hermione,
before catching sight of Ron's raised eyebrows, blushing slightly, and saying, "Oh, you
know what I mean ­ Goyle's potion tasted like bogies."
"Right then, fake Potters lineup over here, please," said Moody.
Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Fleurlined up infront of Aunt Petunia's
gleaming sink.
"We're one short," said Lupin.
"Here," said Hagrid gruffly, and helifted Mundungus by the scruff of the neck
and dropped him down beside Fleur, who wrinkled her nose pointedly and moved along
to stand between Fred and Georgeinstead.
"I'm a soldier, I'd sooner be a protector," said Mundungus.
"Shutit,"growled Moody. "As I've already told you, you spineless worm, any
Death Eaters we runinto willbe aiming to capture Potter, not killhim. Dumbledore
always said You-Know-Who would want to finish Potter in person. It'll be the protectors
who have got themost to worry about, the Death Eaters'llwant to killthem."
Mundungus did notlook particularly reassured, but Moody was already pulling
half a dozen eggcup-sized glasses frominside his cloak, which he handed out, before
pouring a little Polyjuice Potioninto each one.
"Altogether, then ... "
Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, Fleur, and Mundungus drank. All of themgasped
and grimaced as the potion hit their throats; At once, theirfeatures began to bubble and
distortlike hot wax. Hermione and Mundungus were shootingupward; Ron, Fred, and
George were shrinking; their hair was darkening, Hermione's and Fleur's appearing to
shoot backward into their skulls.
Moody, quite unconcerned, was now loosening the ties of thelarge sacks he had
broughtwithhim. When he straightened up again, there were six Harry Potters gasping
and pantinginfront of him.

Fred and George turned to each other and said together, "Wow ­ we're identical!"
"I dunno, though, I think I'm still better-looking," said Fred, examininghis
reflectionin the kettle.
"Bah," said Fleur, checkingherselfin the microwave door, "Bill, don'tlook at me
­ I'm `ideous."
"Those whose clothes are a bit roomy, I've got smaller here," said Moody,
indicating thefirst sack, "and vice versa. Don'tforget the glasses, there's six pairsin the
side pocket. And when you're dressed, there's luggagein the other sack."
The realHarry thought that thismight just be themost bizarre thinghe had ever
seen, and he had seen some extremely odd things. He watched as his six doppelgangers
rummaged in the sacks, pulling out sets of clothes, putting on glasses, stuffing their own
things away. He feltlike asking them to show a littlemore respectfor privacy as they all
began stripping off withimpunity, clearly more at ease with displayinghis body than
they would have been with their own.
"I knew Ginny was lying about that tattoo," said Ron, looking down at his bare
chest.
"Harry, your eyesight reallyis awful,"said Hermione, as she put on glasses.
Once dressed, thefake Harrys took rucksacks and owl cages, each containing a
stuffed snowy owl, fromthe second sack.
"Good," said Moody, as at last seven dressed, bespectacled, and luggage-laden
Harrys faced him."The pairs willbe as follows: Mundungus willbe traveling withme,
by broom ­"
"Why'm I withyou?"grunted the Harrynearest the back door.
"Because you're the one thatneeds watching,"growled Moody, and sure enough,
hismagical eye did not waver from Mundungus as he continued, "Arthur and Fred ­"
"I'mGeorge," said the twin at whom Moody was pointing. "Can't you even tell
us apart when we're Harry?"
"Sorry, George ­"
"I'm onlyyankingyour wand, I'm Fred really ­"
"Enoughmessing around!" snarled Moody. "The other one ­ George or Fred or
whoever you are ­ you're with Remus. Miss Delacour ­"
"I'mtaking Fleur on a thestral," said Bill. "She's not thatfond of brooms."
Fleur walked over to stand beside him, givinghima soppy, slavishlook that
Harry hoped with allhis heart would never appear on hisface again.
"Miss Granger with Kingsley, again by thestral ­"
Hermionelooked reassured as she answered Kingsley's smile; Harry knew that

Hermione too lacked confidence on a broomstick.
"Whichleaves you and me, Ron!" said Tonks brightly, knocking over amug tree
as she waved at him.
Ron did notlook quite as pleased as Hermione.
"An' you're withme, Harry. That allrigh'?" said Hagrid, looking alittle anxious.
"We'll be on the bike, brooms an' thestrals can't take me weight, see. Not a lot o' room
on the seat withme on it, though, so you'llbe in the sidecar."
"That's great," said Harry, not altogether truthfully.
"We think the Death Eaters willexpect you to be on a broom," said Moody, who
seemed to guess how Harry was feeling."Snape's had plenty of time to tellthem
everything about you he's never mentioned before, so if we do runinto any Death Eaters,
we're betting they'llchoose one of the Potters who looks at home on a broomstick. All
right then,"he went on, tyingup the sack with thefake Potters' clothes init and leading
the way back to the door, "I make it three minutes untilwe're supposed to leave. No
pointlocking the back door, it won't keep the Death Eaters out when they comelooking.
Come on ..."
Harry hurried to gather his rucksack, Firebolt, and Hedwig's cage and followed
the group to the dark back garden.
On every side broomsticks were leapinginto hands; Hermione had already been
helped up onto a great black thestral by Kingsley, Fleur onto the other by Bill. Hagrid
was standing ready beside themotorbike, goggles on.
"Is this it? Is this Sirius's bike?"
"The very same," said Hagrid, beamingdown at Harry. "An' thelast timeyeh
was onit, Harry, I could fityehin one hand!"
Harry could not help butfeel a little humiliated as he gotinto the sidecar. It
placed himseveralfeet below everybody else:Ron smirked at the sight ofhimsitting
there like a childin a bumper car. Harry stuffed his rucksack and broomstick down by his
feet and rammed Hedwig's cage betweenhis knees. He was extremelyuncomfortable.
"Arthur's done a bit o' tinkerin'," said Hagrid, quite oblivious to Harry's
discomfort. He settled himself astride themotorcycle, which creaked slightly and sank
inches into the ground. "It's got a few tricks up its sleeves now. Tha' one was myidea."
He pointed a thick finger at a purple button near the speedometer.
"Please be careful, Hagrid." said Mr. Weasley, who was standing beside them,
holdinghis broomstick. "I'm stillnot sure that was advisable and it's certainly onlyto be
used in emergencies."
"Allright, then." said Moody. "Everyone ready, please. I want us allto leave at

exactly the same time or the whole point of the diversion's lost."
Everybody motioned their heads.
"Hold tightnow, Ron," said Tonks, and Harry saw Ron throw aforcing, guiltylook at
Lupin before placinghis hands on each side ofher waist. Hagrid kicked themotorbike
into life:It roared like a dragon, and the sidecar began to vibrate.
"Good luck, everyone," shouted Moody. "See you allin about an hour at the
Burrow. On the count of three. One ... two .. THREE."
There was a great roar from themotorbike, and Harry felt the sidecar give a nasty
lurch. He was rising through the air fast, his eyes watering slightly, hair whipped back off
hisface. Around himbrooms were soaringupward too; thelong black tail of a thestral
flicked past. Hislegs, jammed into the sidecar by Hedwig's cage and his rucksack, were
already sore and starting to go numb. So great was his discomfort that he almostforgot to
take a last glimpse of number four Privet Drive. By the timehelooked over the edge of
the sidecar he could no longer tellwhich oneit was.
And then, out ofnowhere, out of nothing, they were surrounded. Atleast thirty
hooded figures, suspended inmidair, formed a vast circlein themiddle of which the
Order members had risen, oblivious ­
Screams, a blaze ofgreen light on every side:Hagrid gave a yell and the
motorbike rolled over. Harrylost any sense of where they were. Streetlights above him,
yells around him, he was clinging to the sidecar for dear life. Hedwig's cage, the Firebolt,
and his rucksack slipped from beneath his knees ­
"No ­ HELP!"
The broomstick spun too, buthe justmanaged to seize the strap of his rucksack
and the top of the cage as themotorbike swung the rightway up again. A second's relief,
and then another burst of greenlight. The owl screeched and fellto thefloor of the cage.
"No ­ NO!"
Themotorbike zoomed forward; Harry glimpsed hooded Death Eaters scattering
as Hagrid blasted through their circle.
"Hedwig ­ Hedwig ­"
But the owllaymotionless and pathetic as a toy on thefloor of her cage. He could
not take itin, and his terror for the others was paramount. He glanced over his shoulder
and saw a mass of peoplemoving, flares ofgreen light, two pairs of people on brooms
soaring offinto the distance, but he could not tellwho they were ­
"Hagrid, we've got to go back, we've got to go back!"he yelled over the
thunderous roar of the engine, pulling outhis wand, ramming Hedwig's cageinto the
floor, refusing to believe that she was dead. "Hagrid, TURN AROUND!"

"My job's ter get you there safe, Harry!"bellow Hagrid, and he opened the throttle.
"Stop ­ STOP!" Harry shouted, but as he looked back again two jets ofgreen lightflew
past his left ear: Four Death Eaters had broken awayfrom the circle and were pursuing
them, aimingfor Hagrid's broad back. Hagrid swerved, but the Death Eaters were
keepingup with the bike; more curses shot after them, and Harry had to sink low into the
sidecar to avoid them. Wriggling around he cried, "Stupefy!" and a red bolt oflight shot
fromhis own wand, cleaving a gap between thefour pursuing Death Eaters as they
scattered to avoid it.
"Hold on, Harry, this'll do for 'em!" roared Hagrid, and Harry looked up justin
time to see Hagrid slamming a thick finger into a green button near thefuelgauge.
A wall, a solid black wall, erupted out of the exhaust pipe. Craninghis neck, Harry saw it
expand into beinginmidair. Three of the Death Eaters swerved and avoided it, but the
fourth was not so lucky; He vanished fromview and then dropped like a boulder from
behind it, his broomstick broken into pieces. One ofhisfellows slowed up to save him,
but they and the airborne wallwere swallowed by darkness as Hagrid leaned low over
the
handlebars and sped up.
More Killing Curses flew past Harry's head from the two remaining Death Eaters'
wands; they were aimingfor Hagrid. Harry responded withfurther Stunning Spells:Red
and green collided inmidair in a shower ofmulticolored sparks, and Harry thought
wildly offireworks, and the Muggles below who would have no idea what was
happening ­
"Here we go again, Harry, hold on!"yelled Hagrid, and he jabbed at a second
button. This time a great net burstfrom the bike's exhaust, but the Death Eaters were
ready for it. Not only did they swerve to avoid it, but the companion who had slowed to
save their unconscious friend had caught up. He bloomed suddenly out of the darkness
and now three of themwere pursuing themotorbike, allshooting curses after it.
"This'll do it, Harry, hold on tight!"yelled Hagrid, and Harry saw himslamhis
whole hand onto the purple button beside the speedometer.
With an unmistakable bellowing roar, dragonfire burstfrom the exhaust, white-
hot and blue, and themotorbike shotforward like a bullet with a sound of wrenching
metal. Harry saw the Death Eaters swerve out of sight to avoid the deadly trail offlame,
and at the same timefelt the sidecar sway ominously:Its metal connections to the bike
had splintered with theforce of acceleration.
"It's allrigh', Harry!" bellowed Hagrid, now thrownflat onto the back by the
surge of speed; nobody was steeringnow, and the sidecar was starting to twist violently

inthe bike's slipstream.
"I'm onit, Harry, don' worry!" Hagrid yelled, and frominside his jacket pocket he
pulled his flowery pink umbrella.
"Hagrid! No! Letme!"
"REPARO!"
There was a deafening bang and the sidecar broke awayfromthe bike completely.
Harry sped forward, propelled by theimpetus of the bike's flight, then the sidecar began
to lose height ­
In desperation Harry pointed his wand at the sidecar and shouted, "Wingardium
Leviosa!"
The sidecar rose like a cork, unsteerable but atleast stillairborne. He had but a
split second's relief, however, as more curses streaked past him:The three Death Eaters
were closingin.
"I'm comin', Harry!" Hagrid yelled fromout of the darkness, but Harry could feel
the sidecar beginning to sink again: Crouching as low as he could, he pointed at the
middle of the oncomingfigures and yelled, "Impedimenta!"
The jinxhit themiddle Death Eater in the chest; For a moment theman was
absurdly spread-eagled inmidair as thoughhe had hit an invisible barrier: One of his
fellows almost collided withhim­
Then the sidecar began to fallin earnest, and the remaining Death Eater shot a
curse so close to Harry thathe had to duck below the rimof the car, knocking out a tooth
on the edge of his seat ­
"I'm comin', Harry, I'm comin'!"
A huge hand seized the back of Harry's robes and hoisted him out of the
plummeting sidecar; Harry pulled his rucksack withhim as he dragged himself onto the
motorbike's seat and found himself back-to-back with Hagrid. As they soared upward,
away from the two remainingDeath Eaters, Harry spat blood out of his mouth, pointed
his wand at thefalling sidecar, and yelled, "Confringo!"
He knew a dreadful, gut-wrenching pangfor Hedwig as it exploded; the Death
Eater nearest it was blasted offhis broomand fellfrom sight; his companionfellback
and vanished.
"Harry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,"moaned Hagrid, "I shouldn'ta tried ter repair it
meself ­ yeh've got no room ­"
"It's not a problem, just keep flying!" Harry shouted back, as two more Death
Eaters emerged out of the darkness, drawing closer.
As the curses came shooting across theintervening space again, Hagrid swerved

and zigzagged:Harry knew that Hagrid did not dare use the dragon-fire button again,
with Harry seated so insecurely. Harry sent Stunning Spellafter Stunning Spellback at
their pursuers, barelyholding them off. He shot another blocking jinx at them:The
closest Death Eater swerved to avoid it and his hood slipped, and by the red light of his
next Stunning Spell, Harry saw the strangely blank face of Stanley Shunpike ­ Stan ­
"Expelliarmus!" Harryyelled.
"That's him,it's him,it's the real one!"
The hooded Death Eater's shout reached Harry even above the thunder of the
motorbike's engine: Nextmoment, both pursuers had fallen back and disappeared from
view.
"Harry, what's happened?" bellowed Hagrid. "Where've they gone?"
"I don't know!"
But Harry was afraid:The hooded Death Eater had shouted, "It's the real one!";
how had he known? He gazed around at the apparently empty darkness and feltits
menace. Where were they?
He clambered around on the seat to faceforward and seized hold of the back of
Hagrid's jacket.
"Hagrid, do the dragon-fire thing again, let's get out ofhere!"
"Hold on tight, then, Harry!"
There was a deafening, screeching roar again and the white-bluefire shotfrom the
exhaust:Harry felthimselfslipping backwards off whatlittle of the seat he had. Hagrid
flung backward upon him, barelymaintaininghis grip on the handlebars ­
"I think we'velost 'em Harry, I think we've done it!"yelled Hagrid.
But Harry was not convinced; Fear lapped at him as helooked left and rightfor
pursuers he was sure would come. . . . Why had theyfallen back? One of themhad still
had a wand. . . . It's him. . . it's the real one. . . . They had said it right after he had tried
to
Disarm Stan. . . .
"We're nearly there, Harry, we've nearlymade it!" shouted Hagrid.
Harryfelt the bike drop a little, though the lights down on the ground stillseemed
remote as stars.
Then the scar on hisforehead burned like fire: as a Death Eater appeared on either
side of the bike, two Killing Curses missed Harry by millimeters, castfrom behind ­
And then Harry saw him. Voldemort was flyinglike smoke on the wind, without
broomstick or thestral to hold him, his snake-like face gleaming out of the blackness, his
whitefingers raisinghis wand again ­

Hagrid let out a bellow offear and steered themotorbike into a vertical dive.
Clinging onfor dear life, Harry sent Stunning Spellsflying at randominto the whirling
night. He saw a body fly past him and knew he had hit one of them, but then he heard a
bang and saw sparks from the engine; the motorbike spiraled through the air, completely
out of control ­
Green jets oflight shot past them again. Harry had no idea which way was up,
which down:His scar was still burning;he expected to die at any second. A hooded
figure on a broomstick was feetfromhim, he saw it raiseits arm ­
"NO!"
With a shout offury Hagrid launched himself off the bike at the Death Eater; to
hishorror, Harry saw both Hagrid and the Death Eater, falling out of sight, their
combined weight too muchfor the broomstick ­
Barelygripping the plummeting bike withhis knees, Harry heard Voldemort
scream,"Mine!"
It was over:He could not see or hear where Voldemort was; he glimpsed another
Death Eater swooping out of the way and heard, "Avada ­"
As the painfromHarry's scar forced his eyes shut, his wand acted ofits own
accord. He feltit drag his hand around like some great magnet, saw a spurt ofgoldenfire
throughhis half-closed eyelids, heard a crack and a scream offury. The remaining Death
Eater yelled; Voldemort screamed, "NO!" Somehow, Harryfound his nose an inchfrom
the dragon-fire button. He punched it withhis wand-free hand and the bike shot more
flames into the air, hurtling straight toward the ground.
"Hagrid!" Harry called, holding on to the bike for dear life."Hagrid ­ Accio
Hagrid!"
Themotorbike sped up, sucked towards the earth. Face levelwith the handlebars,
Harry could see nothing but distantlights growingnearer and nearer:He was going to
crash and there was nothinghe could do aboutit. Behind himcame another scream,
"Your wand, Selwyn, give me your wand!"
He feltVoldemort before he saw him. Looking sideways, he stared into the red
eyes and was sure they would be thelast thinghe ever saw:Voldemort preparing to curse
himonce more ­
And then Voldemortvanished. Harrylooked down and saw Hagrid spread-eagled
on the ground below him. He pulled hard at the handlebars to avoid hittinghim, groped
for the brake, but with an earsplitting, ground trembling crash, he smashed into a muddy
pond.

Chapter Five
Fallen Warrior

"Hagrid?"
         Harry struggled to raise himselfout of the debris ofmetal and leather that
surrounded him;his hands sank into inches ofmuddy water as he tried to stand. He could
not understand where Voldemort had gone and expected himto swoop out of the
darkness at anymoment. Somethinghot and wet was trickling down his chin and from
hisforehead. He crawled out of the pond and stumbled toward the great dark mass on
the
ground that was Hagrid.
         "Hagrid? Hagrid, talk to me ­"
         But the dark mass did not stir.
         "Who's there? Is it Potter? Are you Harry Potter?"
         Harry did not recognize theman's voice. Then a woman shouted. "They've
crashed. Ted! Crashed in the garden!"
         Harry's head was swimming.
         "Hagrid,"he repeated stupidly, and his knees buckled.
         The next thinghe knew, he was lying on his back on whatfeltlike cushions, with
a burning sensationinhis ribs and right arm. His missing tooth had been regrown. The
scar on hisforehead was stillthrobbing.
         "Hagrid?"
         He opened his eyes and saw that he was lying on a sofain anunfamiliar, lamplit
sitting room. His rucksack lay on thefloor a short distance away, wet and muddy. A fair-
haired, big-bellied man was watching Harry anxiously.
         "Hagrid's fine, son," said theman, "the wife's seeing to himnow. How are you
feeling? Anything else broken? I'vefixed your ribs, your tooth, and your arm. I'mTed, by
the way, Ted Tonks ­ Dora's father."
         Harry sat up too quickly. Lights popped infront of his eyes and hefelt sick and
giddy.
         "Voldemort ­"
         "Easy, now," said Ted Tonks, placing a hand on Harry's shoulder and pushinghim

back against the cushions. "That was a nasty crash you just had. What happened,
anyway? Somethinggo wrong with the bike? Arthur Weasley overstretch himselfagain,
himand his Muggle contraptions?"
         "No," said Harry, as his scar pulsed like an open wound. "Death Eaters, loads of
them ­ we were chased ­"
         "Death Eaters?" said Ted sharply."What d'youmean, Death Eaters? I thought
they didn't know you were beingmoved tonight, I thought ­"
         "They knew," said Harry.
          Ted Tonks looked up at the ceiling as thoughhe could see throughit to the sky
above.
         "Well, we know our protective charms hold, then, don't we? They shouldn't be
able to get within a hundred yards of the place in any direction."
          Now Harryunderstood why Voldemort had vanished;ithad been at the point
when themotorbike crossed the barrier of the Order's charms. He onlyhoped they would
continue to work:He imagined Voldemort, a hundred yards above them as they spoke,
lookingfor a way to penetrate what Harry visualized as a great transparent bubble.
          He swunghislegs off the sofa; he needed to see Hagrid withhis own eyes before
he would believe that he was alive. He had barely stood up, however, when a door
opened and Hagrid squeezed throughit, hisface covered inmud and blood, limping a
little butmiraculously alive.
         "Harry!"
          Knocking over two delicate tables and an aspidistra, he covered thefloor
between
themin two strides and pulled Harryinto a hug that nearly cracked his newly repaired
ribs. "Blimey, Harry, how did yeh get out o' that? I thought we were both goners."
         "Yeah, me too. I can't believe ­"
          Harry broke off. He had justnoticed the woman who had entered the room
behind
Hagrid.
         "You!"he shouted, and he thrusthis hand into his pocket, butit was empty.
         "Your wand's here, son," said Ted, tappingit on Harry's arm. "Itfellright beside
you, I picked itup...And that's my wifeyou're shouting at."
         "Oh, I'm ­ I'm sorry."
          As shemoved forward into the room, Mrs. Tonks's resemblance to her sister
Bellatrix becamemuchless pronounced: Her hair was a light's oft brown and her eyes
were wider and kinder. Nevertheless, she looked a little haughty after Harry's

exclamation.
         "What happened to our daughter?" she asked. "Hagrid said you were ambushed;
where is Nymphadora?"
         "I don't know," said Harry."We don't know what happened to anyone else."
         She and Ted exchanged looks. A mixture offear and guiltgripped Harry at the
sight of their expressions, if any of the others had died, it was hisfault, allhisfault. He
had consented to the plan, given themhis hair . . .
         "The Portkey,"he said, remembering allof a sudden."We've got to get back to
the Burrow and find out ­ then we'll be able to send you word, or ­ or Tonks will, once
she's ­"
         "Dora'll be ok, 'Dromeda," said Ted. "She knows her stuff, she's been in plenty of
tight spots with the Aurors. The Portkey's throughhere,"he added to Harry. "It's
supposed to leavein three minutes, ifyou want to take it."
         "Yeah, we do," said Harry. He seized his rucksack, swungit onto his shoulders. "I
­"
         He looked at Mrs. Tonks, wanting to apologizefor the state of fear in whichhe
lefther and for which hefelt so terribly responsible, but no words occurred to himthat he
did not seemhollow and insincere.
         "I'lltellTonks ­ Dora ­ to send word, when she . . . Thanks for patchingus up,
thanks for everything, I ­"
         He was glad to leave the room and follow Ted Tonks along a short hallway and
into a bedroom. Hagrid came after them, bendinglow to avoid hittinghis head on the
door lintel.
        "There you go, son. That's the Portkey."
         Mr. Tonks was pointing to a small, silver-backed hairbrushlying on the dressing
table.
         "Thanks," said Harry, reaching out to place a finger on it, ready to leave.
         "Wait a moment," said Hagrid, looking around. "Harry, where's Hedwig?"
         "She . . . she got hit," said Harry.
         The realization crashed over him:Hefelt ashamed of himself as the tears stung
his eyes. The owlhad been his companion, his one greatlink with themagicalworld
whenever he had been forced to return to the Dursleys.
         Hagrid reached out a great hand and patted him painfully on the shoulder.
         "Never mind,"he said gruffly,"Never mind. She had a great old life ­"
         "Hagrid!" said Ted Tonks warningly, as the hairbrush glowed bright blue, and
Hagrid only just gothisforefinger to itin time.

        With a jerk behind the navel as though aninvisible hook and linehad dragged
himforward, Harry was pulled into nothingness, spinninguncontrollably, hisfinger glued
to the Portkey as he and Hagrid hurtled away from Mr. Tonks. Second later, Harry's feet
slammed onto hard ground and hefellonto his hands and knees in the yard of the Burrow.
He heard screams. Throwing aside the no longer glowinghairbrush, Harry stood up,
swaying slightly, and saw Mrs. Weasley and Ginny running down the steps by the back
door as Hagrid, who had also collapsed on landing, clambered laboriously to his feet.
        "Harry? You are the realHarry? What happened? Where are the others?" cried
Mrs. Weasley.
        "What d'you mean? Isn't anyone else back?" Harry panted.
        The answer was clearly etched in Mrs. Weasley's paleface.
        "The Death Eaters were waitingfor us," Harry told her, "We were surrounded the
moment we took off ­ they knew it was tonight ­ I don't know whathappened to anyone
else, four of them chased us, it was allwe could do to get away, and then Voldemort
caughtup withus ­"
        He could hear the self-justifyingnote inhis voice, the plea for her to understand
whyhe did not know whathad happened to her sons, but ­
        "Thank goodness you're allright,"she said, pullinghiminto a hughe did not feel
he deserved.
        "Haven't go' any brandy, have yeh, Molly?" asked Hagrid a little shakily,"Fer
medicinal purposes?"
        She could have summoned it by magic, but as she hurried back toward the
crooked house, Harry knew that she wanted to hide her face. He turned to Ginny and she
answered his unspoken plea for information at once.
        "Ron and Tonks should have been back first, but theymissed their Portkey, it
came back without them," she said, pointing at a rusty oil can lying on the ground nearby.
"And that one," she pointed at an ancient sneaker, "should have been Dad and Fred's,
they were supposed to be second. You and Hagrid were third and," she checked her
watch,"ifthey made it, George and Lupin aught to be back in about a minute."
        Mrs. Weasley reappeared carrying a bottle of brandy, which she handed to
Hagrid.
He uncorked it and drank it straight downin one.
        "Mum!"shouted Ginny pointing to a spot severalfeet away.
        A bluelighthad appeared in the darkness: Itgrew larger and brighter, and Lupin
and George appeared, spinning and thenfalling. Harry knew immediately that there was
something wrong:Lupin was supportingGeorge, who was unconscious and whose face

was covered in blood.
         Harry ran forward and seized George's legs. Together, he and Lupin carried
Georgeinto the house and through the kitchen to theliving room, where theylaid himon
the sofa. As thelamplightfellacross George's head, Ginnygasped and Harry's stomach
lurched: One of George's ears was missing. The side of his head and neck were drenched
inwet, shockinglyscarlet blood.
         No sooner had Mrs. Weasley bent over her son that Lupingrabbed Harry by the
upper arm and dragged him, none too gently, back into the kitchen, where Hagrid was
stillattempting to ease his bulk through the back door.
         "Oi!" said Hagrid indignantly,"Le' go of him! Le' go of Harry!"
         Lupinignored him.
         "What creature satin the corner thefirst time that Harry Potter visited my office
at Hogwarts?"he said, givingHarry a smallshake. "Answer me!"
         "A ­ a grindylow in a tank, wasn't it?"
         Lupin released Harry and fell back against a kitchen cupboard.
         "Wha' was tha' about?" roared Hagrid.
         "I'm sorry, Harry, but I had to check," said Lupin tersely. "We've been betrayed.
Voldemort knew that you were beingmoved tonight and the only people who could have
told himwere directlyinvolved in the plan. Youmighthave been an impostor."
         "So why aren' you checkin' me?" panted Hagrid, stillstruggling with the door.
         "You're half-giant," said Lupin, lookingup at Hagrid. "The Polyjuice Potion is
designed for humanuse only."
         "None of the Order would have told Voldemort we weremoving tonight,"said
Harry. Theidea was dreadfulto him, he could not believeit of any of them."Voldemort
only caughtup withme toward the end, he didn't know which one I was in the beginning.
Ifhe'd been in on the plan he'd have knownfrom the start I was the one with Hagrid."
         "Voldemort caughtup withyou?"said Lupin sharply."What happened? How did
you escape?"
         Harry explained how the Death Eaters pursuing themhad seemed to recognize
himas the true Harry, how they had abandoned the chase, how theymusthave
summoned Voldemort, who had appeared just before he and Hagrid had reached the
sanctuary of Tonks's parents.
         "They recognized you? But how? What had you done?"
         "I . . ." Harry tried to remember; the whole journey seemed like a blur of panic
and confusion. "I saw Stan Shunpike . . . . You know, the bloke who was the conductor
on the Knight Bus? And I tried to Disarmhiminstead of ­ well,he doesn't know what

he's doing, does he? He must be Imperiused!"
         Lupinlooked aghast.
         "Harry, the timefor Disarmingis past! These people are trying to capture and kill
you! Atleast Stunifyou aren't prepared to kill!"
         "We were hundreds offeet up! Stan's not himself, and if I Stunned himand he'd
fallen, he'd have died the same as if I'd used Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmus saved me
fromVoldemort two years ago," Harry added defiantly. Lupin was remindinghimof the
sneering HufflepuffZacharias Smith, who had jeered at Harryfor wanting to teach
Dumbledore's Armyhow to Disarm.
         "Yes, Harry," said Lupin with painfulrestraint, "and a great number of Death
Eaters witnessed that happening! Forgive me, butit was a veryunusualmove then, under
theimminent threat of death. Repeatingittonightinfront of Death Eaters who either
witnessed or heard about thefirst occasion was close to suicidal!"
         "So you think I should have killed Stan Shunpike?" said Harry angrily.
         "Of course not," said Lupin,"butthe Death Eaters ­ frankly, most people! ­
would have expected you to attack back! Expelliarmusis a usefulspell, Harry, but the
Death Eaters seem to think itis your signature move, and I urge you not to letit become
so!"
         Lupin was making Harryfeelidiotic, and yet there was stilla grain of defiance
inside him.
         "I won't blast people out of myway just because they're there," said Harry,
"That's
Voldemort's job."
         Lupin's retort was lost: Finallysucceedingin squeezing through the door, Hagrid
staggered to a chair and sat down;it collapsed beneath him. Ignoringhis mingled oaths
and apologies, Harry addressed Lupin again.
         "WillGeorge be okay?"
         AllLupin's frustration with Harry seemed to drain away at the question.
         "I think so, although there's no chance of replacinghis ear, not whenit's been
cursed off ­"
         There was a scufflingfrom outside. Lupin dived for the back door; Harryleapt
over Hagrid's legs and sprinted into the yard.
         Two figures had appeared in theyard, and as Harry ran toward themhe realized
they were Hermione, now returning to her normal appearance, and Kingsley, both
clutching a bent coat hanger, Hermioneflungherselfinto Harry's arms, but Kingsley
showed no pleasure at the sight of any of them. Over Hermione's shoulder Harry saw him

raise his wand and pointit at Lupin's chest.
        "Thelast words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair ofus!"
        "'Harryis the best hope we have. Trust him,'" said Lupin calmly.
        Kingsley turned his wand on Harry, but Lupin said, "It's him, I've checked!"
        "Allright, allright!" said Kingsley, stowinghis wand back beneathhis cloak,
"But somebody betrayed us! They knew, they knew it was tonight!"
        "So it seems," replied Lupin,"but apparently they did not realize that there would
be seven Harrys."
        "Small comfort!" snarled Kingsley."Who elseis back?"
        "Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and me."
        Hermione stifled a littlemoan behind her hand.
        "What happened to you?" Lupin asked Kingsley.
        "Followed by five, injured two, might've killed one," Kingsley reeled off, "and we
saw You-Know-Who as well, he joined the chase halfway through but vanished pretty
quickly. Remus, he can ­"
        "Fly," supplied Harry."I saw himtoo, he came after Hagrid and me."
        "So that's whyheleft, to follow you!" said Kingsley,"I couldn't understand why
he'd vanished. But whatmade him change targets?"
        "Harry behaved a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike," said Lupin.
        "Stan?" repeated Hermione. "But I thoughthe was in Azkaban?"
        Kingsleylet out a mirthless laugh.
        "Hermione, there's obviously been a mass breakout which the Ministry has
hushed up. Travers's hood fell off when I cursed him, he's supposed to be inside too. But
what happened to you, Remus? Where's George?"
        "Helost an ear," said Lupin.
        "lost an -- ?" repeated Hermionein a highvoice.
        "Snape's work," said Lupin.
        "Snape?" shouted Harry. "You didn't say ­"
        "Helost his hood during the chase. Sectumsempra was always a specialty of
Snape's. I wish I could say I'd paid himback in kind, butitwas allI could do to keep
George on the broom after he was injured, he was losing so much blood."
        Silence fellbetween thefour of them as theylooked up at the sky. There was no
sign ofmovement; the stars stared back, unblinking,indifferent, unobscured by flying
friends. Where was Ron? Where were Fred and Mr. Weasley? Where were Bill, Fleur,
Tonks, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus?
        "Harry, give us a hand!" called Hagrid hoarselyfrom the door, in which he was

stuck again. Glad of something to do, Harry pulled himfree, the headed throughthe
empty kitchen and back into the sitting room, where Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were still
tending to George. Mrs. Weasley had staunched his bleedingnow, and by thelamplight
Harry saw a clean gapinghole where George's ear had been.
        "How is he?"
        Mrs. Weasleylooked around and said, "I can'tmake itgrow back, not when it's
been removed by Dark Magic. Butit could've been so much worse . . . . He's alive."
        "Yeah," said Harry. "Thank God."
        "Did I hear someone else in the yard?" Ginny asked.
        "Hermione and Kingsley," said Harry.
        "Thank goodness," Ginny whispered. Theylooked at each other; Harry wanted to
hugher, hold on to her; he did not even care much that Mrs. Weasley was there, but
before he could act on theimpulse, there was a great crashfrom the kitchen.
        "I'll prove who I am, Kingsley, after I've seen my son, now back offifyou know
what's good for you!"
        Harry had never heard Mr. Weasley shoutlike that before. He burstinto theliving
room, his bald patch gleaming with sweat, his spectacles askew, Fred right behind him,
both pale but uninjured.
        "Arthur!" sobbed Mrs. Weasley."Oh thank goodness!"
        "How is he?"
        Mr. Weasley dropped to his knees beside George. For thefirst time since Harry
had known him, Fred seemed to be lost for words. He gaped over the back of the sofa at
his twin's wound as ifhe could not believe whathe was seeing.
        Perhaps roused by the sound of Fred and theirfather's arrival, George stirred.
        "How do you feel, Georgie?" whispered Mrs. Weasley.
        George's fingers groped for the side ofhis head.
        "Saintlike,"hemurmured.
        "What's wrong withhim?" croaked Fred, looking terrified. "Is his mind affected?"
        "Saintlike," repeated George, openinghis eyes and lookingup at his brother.
"You see. . . I'mholy. Holey, Fred, geddit?"
        Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever. Color flooded Fred's paleface.
        "Pathetic,"he told George. "Pathetic! With the whole wide world of ear-related
humor before you, you go for holey?"
        "Ah well," said George, grinningat his tear-soaked mother. "You'llbe able to tell
us apart now, anyway, Mum."
        He looked around.

        "Hi, Harry ­ you are Harry, right?"
        "Yeah, I am," said Harry, moving closer to the sofa.
        "Well, atleast we got you back okay," said George. "Why aren't Ron and Bill
huddled round my sickbed?"
        "They're not back yet, George,"said Mrs. Weasley. George's grinfaded. Harry
glanced at Ginny and motioned to her to accompanyhimback outside. As they walked
through the kitchen she said in alow voice.
        "Ron and Tonks should be back by now. They didn't have along journey; Auntie
Muriel's not thatfar fromhere."
        Harry said nothing. He had been trying to keep fear at bay ever since reaching the
Burrow, but now it enveloped him, seemingto crawl over his skin, throbbinginhis chest,
clogginghis throat. As they walked down the back steps into the dark yard, Ginny took
hishand.
        Kingsley was striding backward and forward, glancingup at the sky every timehe
turned. Harry was reminded of Uncle Vernon pacing theliving room a millionyears ago.
Hagrid, Hermione, and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, gazingupward in silence. None
of themlooked around when Harry and Ginny joined their silentvigil.
        Theminutes stretched into what might as wellhave been years. The slightest
breath of wind made them alljump and turn toward the whispering bush or tree in the
hope that one of themissing Order members mightleap unscathed fromits leaves ­
        And then a broommaterialized directly above them and streaked toward the
ground ­
        "It's them!" screamed Hermione.
        Tonks landed in along skid that sent earth and pebbles everywhere.
        "Remus!"Tonks cried as she staggered off the broominto Lupin's arms. His face
was set and white:He seemed unable to speak, Ron tripped dazedly toward Harry and
Hermione.
        "You're okay,"hemumbled, before Hermioneflew at him and hugged himtightly.
        "I thought ­ I thought ­"
        "'M allright," said Ron, pattingher on the back. "'M fine."
        "Ron was great," said Tonks warmly, relinquishingher hold on Lupin.
"Wonderful. Stunned one of the Death Eaters, straight to the head, and when you're
aiming at amoving targetfrom a flying broom ­"
        "You did?" said Hermione, gazingup at Ron withher arms stillaround hisneck.
        "Always the tone of surprise,"he said a little grumpily, breakingfree. "Are we the
last back?"

         "No," said Ginny,"we're stillwaitingfor Billand Fleur and Mad-Eye and
Mundungus. I'mgoing to tellMum and Dad you're okay, Ron ­"
         She ran back inside.
         "So what kept you? What happened?" Lupin sounded almost angry at Tonks.
         "Bellatrix," said Tonks. "She wants me quite as much as she wants Harry, Remus,
She tried very hard to killme. I just wishI'd got her, I owe Bellatrix. But we definitely
injured Rodolphus . . . . Then we got to Ron's Auntie Muriel's and we missed our Portkey
and she was fussing over us ­"
         A muscle was jumpingin Lupin's jaw. He nodded, but seemed unable to say
anything else.
         "So what happened to youlot?"Tonks asked, turning to Harry, Hermione, and
Kingsley.
         They recounted the stories of their own journeys, but allthe time the continued
absence of Bill, Fleur, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus seemed to lieupon themlike afrost, its
icy bite harder and harder to ignore.
         "I'mgoing to have to get back to Downing Street, I should have been there an
hour ago," said Kingsley finally, after a last sweepinggaze at the sky."Letme know
when they're back,."
         Lupinnodded. With a wave to the others, Kingsley walked awayinto the
darkness
toward the gate. Harry thoughthe heard thefaintest pop as Kingsley Disapparated just
beyond the Burrow's boundaries.
         Mr. And Mrs. Weasley came racing down the back steps, Ginny behind them.
Both parents hugged Ron before turning to Lupin and Tonks.
         "Thank you," said Mrs. Weasley, "for our sons."
         "Don't be silly, Molly," said Tonks at once.
         "How's George?" asked Lupin.
         "What's wrong withhim?" piped up Ron.
         "He's lost ­"
         But the end of Mrs. Weasley's sentence was drowned in a general outcry. A
thestralhad just soared into sight and landed a few feetfrom them. Billand Fleur slid
fromits back, windswept but unhurt.
         "Bill! Thank God, thank God ­"
         Mrs. Weasley ranforward, but the hug Billbestowed upon her was perfunctory.
Looking directly at hisfather, he said, "Mad-Eye's dead."
         Nobody spoke, nobody moved. Harry felt as though somethinginside himwas

falling, falling through the earth, leavinghimforever.
          "We saw it," said Bill; Fleur nodded, tear tracks glittering on her cheeks in the
lightfrom the kitchen window. "It happened just after we broke out of the circle:Mad-
Eye and Dung were close by us, they were headingnorth too. Voldemort ­ he canfly ­
went straightfor them. Dung panicked, I heard him cry out, Mad-Eye tried to stop him,
but he Disapparated. Voldemort's curse hit Mad-Eyefullin theface, hefell backward off
his broom and ­ there was nothing we could do, nothing, we had half a dozen of them on
our own tail­"
          Bill's voice broke.
          "Of course you couldn't have done anything,"said Lupin.
          They allstood looking at each other. Harry could not quite comprehend it. Mad-
Eye dead; it could not be . . . . Mad-Eye, so tough, so brave, the consummate survivor . .
.
          Atlastit seemed to dawn on everyone, thoughnobody said it, that there was no
point of waitingin the yard anymore, and in silence they followed Mr. And Mrs. Weasley
back into the Burrow, and into thelivingroom, where Fred and George were laughing
together.
          "What's wrong?" said Fred, scanning theirfaces as they entered, "What's
happened? Who's --?"
          "Mad-Eye," said Mr. Weasley, "Dead."
          The twins' grins turned to grimaces of shock. Nobody seemed to know what to
do.
Tonks was crying silentlyinto a handkerchief: She had been close to Mad-Eye, Harry
knew, his favorite and his protégée at the Ministry of Magic. Hagrid, who had sat down
on thefloor in the corner where he had most space, was dabbing at his eyes withhis
tablecloth-sized handkerchief.
          Billwalked over to the sideboard and pulled out a bottle offire-whisky and some
glasses.
          "Here,"he said, and with a wave ofhis wand, eh sent twelvefullglasses soaring
through the room to each of them, holding the thirteenth aloft. "Mad-Eye."
          "Mad-Eye," they allsaid, and drank.
          "Mad-Eye," echoed Hagrid, a littlelate, with a hiccup. Thefirewhisky seared
Harry's throat. It seemed to burnfeelingback into him, dispelling thenumbness and
sense of unrealityfiringhimwith something that was like courage.
          "So Mundungus disappeared?" said Lupin, who had drained his own glass in one.
          The atmosphere changed at once. Everybody looked tense, watching Lupin, both

wantinghimto go on, it seemed to Harry, and slightly afraid of what theymighthear.
         "I know what you're thinking," said Bill,"and I wondered that too, on the way
back here, because they seemed to be expectingus, didn't they? But Mundungus can't
have betrayed us. They didn't know there would be seven Harrys, that confused themthe
moment we appeared, and in case you've forgotten, it was Mundungus who suggested
thatlittle bit of skullduggery. Why wouldn't he have told themthe essential point? I think
Dung panicked, it's as simple as that. He didn't want to comein thefirst place, but Mad-
Eyemade him, and You-Know-Who went straightfor them. It was enough to make
anyone panic."
         "You-Know-Who acted exactly as Mad-Eye expected himto," sniffed Tonks.
"Mad-Eye said he'd expect the realHarry to be with the toughest, most skilled Aurors.
He
chased Mad-Eyefirst, and when Mundungus gave them away he switched to
Kingsley. . . . "
         "Yes, and zat eez allvery good," snapped Fleur, "but stilleet does not explain 'ow
zey know we were moving 'Arry tonight, does eet? Somebody must 'ave been careless.
Somebody let slip ze date to an outsider. It is ze only explanationfor zem knowingze
date but not ze 'ole plan."
         She glared around at them all, tear tracks stilletched on her beautifulface, silently
daring any of them to contradict her. Nobody did. The only sound to break the silence
was that of Hagrid hiccuppingfrom behind his handkerchief. Harry glanced at Hagrid,
who had just risked his ownlife to save Harry's ­ Hagrid, whomheloved, whomhe
trusted, who had once been tricked into giving Voldemort crucialinformationin
exchangefor a dragon's egg. . . .
         "No," Harry said aloud, and they alllooked at him, surprised:Thefirewhisky
seemed to have amplified hisvoice. "Imean . . . if somebody made a mistake," Harry
went on,"and let something slip, I know they didn'tmean to do it. It's not their fault,"he
repeated, again a littlelouder thanhe would usuallyhave spoken. "We've got to trust each
other. I trust all ofyou, I don't think anyonein this room would ever sellme to
Voldemort."
         More silence followed his words. They were alllooking at him; Harryfelt a little
hot again, and drank somemore firewhisky for something to do. As he drank, he thought
of Mad-Eye. Mad-Eye had always been scathing about Dumbledore's willingness to trust
people.
         "Wellsaid, Harry," said Fred unexpectedly.
         "Year, 'ear, 'ear," said George, withhalf a glance at Fred, the corner of whose

mouth twitched.
        Lupin was wearing an odd expression as helooked at Harry. It was close to
pitying.
        "You think I'm a fool?" demanded Harry.
        "No, I think you'relike James," said Lupin,"who would have regarded it as the
height of dishonor to mistrust hisfriends."
        Harry knew what Lupin was getting at:that his father had been betrayed by his
friend Peter Pettigrew. He feltirrationallyangry. He wanted to argue, but Lupinhad
turned away fromhim, set down hisglass upon a side table, and addressed Bill,"There's
work to do. I can ask Kingsley whether ­"
        "No," said Billat once, "I'lldo it, I'll come."
        "Where are you going?" said Tonks and Fleur together.
        "Mad-Eye's body," said Lupin."We need to recover it."
        "Can'tit -- ?" began Mrs. Weasley with an appealinglook at Bill.
        "Wait?" said Bill,"Not unless you'd rather the Death Eaters took it?"
        Nobody spoke. Lupin and Billsaid good bye and left.
        The rest of themnow dropped into chairs, all except for Harry, who remained
standing. The suddenness and completeness of death was with themlike a presence.
        "I've got to go too," said Harry.
        Ten pairs of startled eyes looked at him.
        "Don't be silly, Harry," said Mrs. Weasley,"What are you talking about?"
        "I can't stay here."
        He rubbed hisforehead; it was prickling again, he had not hurtlike this for more
than a year.
        "You're allin danger while I'mhere. I don't want ­"
        "But don't be so silly!" said Mrs. Weasley."The whole point of tonightwas to get
youhere safely, and thank goodness it worked. And Fleur's agreed to getmarried here
rather thanin France, we've arranged everything so that we can allstay together and look
after you ­"
        She did not understand; she was makinghimfeelworse, not better.
        "If Voldemortfinds out I'mhere ­"
        "But why should he?" asked Mrs. Weasley.
        "There are a dozen places you might be now, Harry," said Mr. Weasley. "He's
got
no way of knowing which safe house you'rein."
        "It's notme I'm worried for!" said Harry.

        "We know that," said Mr. Weasley quietly, butitwould make our efforts tonight
seem rather pointless ifyouleft."
        "Yer not goin' anywhere,"growled Hagrid. "Blimey, Harry, after allwe wen'
through ter get you here?"
        "Yeah, what aboutmy bleeding ear?" said George, hoistinghimselfup on his
cushions.
        "I know that ­"
        "Mad-Eye wouldn't want ­"
        "I KNOW!" Harry bellowed.
        He felt beleaguered and blackmailed:Did they think he did not know what they
had done for him, didn't theyunderstand thatit was for precisely that reason that he
wanted to go now, before they had to suffer anymore on his behalf? There was a long
and awkward silence in which his scar continued to prickle and throb, and whichwas
broken atlast by Mrs. Weasley.
        "Where's Hedwig, Harry?" she said coaxingly."We can put her up with
Pidwidgeon and give her something to eat."
        Hisinsides clenched like a fist. He could not tellher the truth. He drank the last of
hisfirewhisky to avoid answering.
        "Wait tillitgets out yeh did it again, Harry," said Hagrid. "Escaped him,fought
himoffwhen he was right on top of yeh!"
        "It wasn'tme," said Harryflatly. "It was my wand. My wand acted ofits own
accord."
        After a few moments, Hermione said gently, "But that's impossible, Harry. You
mean thatyou did magic withoutmeaning to; you reacted instinctively."
        "No," said Harry. "The bike was falling, I couldn't have told you where
Voldemort was, butmy wand spuninmyhand and found him and shot a spell at him, and
itwasn't even a spellI recognized. I've never made gold flames appear before."
        "Often," said Mr. Weasley, "whenyou're in a pressured situation you can produce
magicyou never dreamed of. Small children oftenfind, before they're trained ­"
        "It wasn'tlike that," said Harry throughgritted teeth. His scar was burning. He felt
angry and frustrated; he hated theidea that they were allimagininghimto have power to
match Voldemort's.
        No one said anything. He knew that they did not believe him. Now that he came
to think ofit, he had never heard of a wand performingmagic on its own before.
        His scar seared with pain, itwas allhe could do not to moan aloud. Muttering
aboutfresh air, he set down his glass and left the room.

        As he crossed the yard, the great skeletal thestrallooked up ­ rustled its
enormous
batlike wings, then resumed its grazing. Harry stopped at the gateinto the garden, staring
out atits overgrown plants, rubbinghis poundingforehead and thinking of Dumbledore.
        Dumbledore would have believed him, he knew it. Dumbledore would have
known how and why Harry's wand had acted independently, because Dumbledore
always
had the answers; he had known about wands, had explained to Harry the strange
connection that existed between his wand and Voldemort's . . . . But Dumbledore, like
Mad-Eye, like Sirius, like his parents, like his poor owl, allwere gone where Harry could
never talk to them again. He felt a burninginhis throat thathad nothing to do with
firewhisky. . . .
        And then, out ofnowhere, the paininhis scar peaked. As he clutched his
forehead
and closed his eyes, a voice screamed inside his head.
        "You told me the problem would be solved by using another's wand!"
        And into hismind burst the vision of an emaciated old manlyingin rags upon a
stonefloor, screaming, a horrible drawn-out scream, a scream of unendurable agony. . . .
        "No! No! I beg you, I beg you. . . ."
        "Youlied to Lord Voldemort, Ollivander!"
        "I did not. . . . I swear I did not. . . ."
        "You sought to help Potter, to help him escape me!"
        "I swear I did not. . . . I believed a different wand would work. . . ."
        "Explain, then, what happened. Lucius's wand is destroyed!"
        "I cannot understand. . . . The connection . . . exists only . . between your two
wands. . . ."
        "Lies!"
        "Please . . . I beg you. . . ."
        And Harry saw the white hand raiseits wand and feltVoldemort's surge of
vicious anger, saw thefrail old main on thefloor writhein agony ­
        "Harry?"
        It was over as quickly as ithad come:Harry stood shakingin the darkness,
clutching the gate into the garden, hisheart racing, his scar stilltingling. It was several
moments before he realized that Ron and Hermione were at his side.
        "Harry, come back in the house,"Hermione whispered, "You aren't stillthinking
ofleaving?"

        "Yeah, you've got to stay, mate," said Ron, thumping Harry on the back.
        "Are you allright?" Hermione asked, close enoughnow to look into Harry's face.
"Youlook awful!"
        "Well," said Harry shakily,"I probablylook better than Ollivander. . . ."
         When he had finished tellingthemwhat he had seen, Ronlooked appalled, but
Hermione downright terrified.
        "Butit was supposed to have stopped! Your scar ­ it wasn't supposed to do this
anymore! You mustn'tlet that connection open up again ­ Dumbledore wanted you to
close your mind!"
         When he did not reply, she gripped his arm.
        "Harry, he's taking over the Ministry and the newspapers and halfthe Wizarding
world! Don'tlet himinside your head too!"


Chapter Six
The Ghoul in Pajamas

The shock oflosing Mad-Eye hung over the house in the days thatfollowed;
Harry kept expecting to see himstumpingin through the back door like the other Order
members, who passed in and out to relaynews. Harryfelt that nothing but action would
assuage hisfeelings of guilt and grief and thathe ought to set out on his mission to find
and destroy Horcruxes as soon as possible.
"Well, you can't do anything about the" ­ Ron mouthed the word Horcruxes ­
"tillyou're seventeen. You've stillgot the Trace on you. And we can plan here as wellas
anywhere, can't we? Or," he dropped his voice to a whisper, "d'you reckon you already
know where the You-Know-Whats are?"
"No," Harry admitted.
"I think Hermione's been doing a bit of research," said Ron. "She said she was
savingitfor when you gothere."
They were sitting at the breakfast table; Mr. Weasley and Billhad justleftfor
work. Mrs. Weasley had gone upstairs to wake Hermione and Ginny, while Fleur had
drifted off to take a bath.
"The Trace'll break on the thirty-first," said Harry. "Thatmeans I onlyneed to
stay here four days. Then I can ­"
"Five days," Ron corrected himfirmly. "We've got to stayfor the wedding.
They'llkillusifwemiss it."

Harry understood "they"to mean Fleur and Mrs. Weasley.
"It's one extra day," said Ron, when Harrylooked mutinous.
"Don't they realizehow important ­?"
"'Course they don't," said Ron. "They haven't got a clue. And now you mention
it, I wanted to talk to you about that."
Ron glanced toward the door into the hallto check that Mrs. Weasley was not
returningyet, thenleaned in closer to Harry.
"Mum's been trying to getit out of Hermione and me. What we're off to do.
She'lltry you next, so brace yourself. Dad and Lupin've both asked as well, but when we
said Dumbledore told you not to tell anyone except us, they dropped it. Not Mum,
though.
She's determined."
Ron's prediction came true withinhours. Shortly before lunch, Mrs. Weasley
detached Harryfromthe others by askinghimto help identify aloneman's sock that she
thoughtmighthave come out ofhis rucksack. Once she had him cornered in the tiny
scullery off the kitchen, she started.
"Ron and Hermione seem to think that the three of you are dropping out of
Hogwarts," she beganin a light, casual tone.
"Oh," said Harry. "Well,yeah. We are."
Themangle turned ofits own accord in a corner, wringing out whatlooked like
one of Mr. Weasley's vests.
"May I ask why you are abandoningyour education?" said Mrs. Weasley.
"Well, Dumbledore leftme . . . stuffto do,"mumbled Harry. "Ron and Hermione
know aboutit, and they want to come too."
"What sort of `stuff'?"
"I'm sorry, I can't ­"
"Well, frankly, I think Arthur and I have a right to know, and I'm sure Mr. And
Mrs. Granger would agree!" said Mrs. Weasley. Harry had been afraid of the "concerned
parent" attack. He forced himself to look directlyinto her eyes, noticing as he did so that
they were precisely the same shade of brown as Ginny's. This did nothelp.
"Dumbledore didn't want anyone else to know, Mrs. Weasley. I'm sorry. Ron and
Hermione don't have to come, it's their choice ­"
"I don't see that you have to go either!"she snapped, dropping allpretense now.
"You're barely of age, any ofyou! It's utter nonsense, if Dumbledore needed work doing,
he had the whole Order at his command! Harry, you musthavemisunderstood him.
Probablyhe was tellingyou somethinghe wanted done, and you took it to mean that he

wanted you­"
"I didn'tmisunderstand," said Harryflatly. "It's got to be me."
He handed her back the single sock he was supposed to be identifying, which was
patterned withgolden bulrushes.
"And that's notmine. I don't support Puddlemere United."
"Oh, of course not," said Mrs. Weasley with a sudden and rather unnerving return
to her casualtone. "I should have realized. Well, Harry, while we've stillgot you here,
you won'tmind helping with the preparations for Bill and Fleur's wedding, willyou?
There's stillso much to do."
"No ­ I ­ of course not," said Harry, disconcerted by this sudden change of
subject.
"Sweet of you," she replied, and she smiled as sheleft the scullery.
From thatmoment on, Mrs. Weasley kept Harry, Ron and Hermione so busy with
preparations for the wedding that they hardlyhad any time to think. The kindest
explanation of this behavior would have been that Mrs. Weasley wanted to distract them
allfrom thoughts of Mad-Eye and the terrors of their recent journey. After two days of
nonstop cutlery cleaning, of color-matchingfavors, ribbons, and flowers, of de-gnoming
the garden and helping Mrs. Weasley cook vast batches of canapés, however, Harry
started to suspect her of a differentmotive. Allthe jobs she handed out seemed to keep
him, Ron, and Hermione away from one another; he had not had a chance to speak to the
two of them alone since thefirstnight, when he had told them about Voldemort torturing
Ollivander.
"I think Mum thinks thatif she can stop the three ofyou getting together and
planning, she'llbe able to delay youleaving," Ginny told Harry in an undertone, as they
laid the tablefor dinner on the third night ofhis stay.
"And then what does she think's going to happen?" Harrymuttered. "Someone
elsemight killoffVoldemort while she's holdingus here makingvol-au-vents?"
He had spoken without thinking, and saw Ginny's face whiten.
"So it's true?" she said. "That's what you're trying to do?"
"I ­ not ­ I was joking," said Harry evasively.
They stared at each other, and there was somethingmore than shock in Ginny's
expression. Suddenly Harry became aware that this was thefirst time that he had been
alone withher since those stolen hours in secluded corners of the Hogwarts grounds. He
was sure she was remembering themtoo. Both of them jumped as the door opened, and
Mr. Weasley, Kingsley, and Billwalked in.
They were often joined by other Order members for dinner now, because the

Burrow had replaced number twelve, Grimmauld Place as the headquarters. Mr. Weasley
had explained that after the death of Dumbledore, their Secret-Keeper, each of the
people
to whomDumbledore had confided Grimmauld Place's location had become a Secret-
Keeper in turn.
"And as there are around twenty ofus, that greatly dilutes the power of the
Fidelius Charm. Twenty times as many opportunities for the Death Eaters to get the
secret out of somebody. We can't expectit to hold muchlonger."
"But surely Snape willhave told the Death Eaters the address by now?" asked
Harry.
"Well, Mad-Eye set up a couple of curses against Snape in case he turns up there
again. We hope they'll be strong enough both to keep himout and to bind his tongueifhe
tries to talk about the place, but we can't be sure. It would have been insane to keep
using
the place as headquarters now thatits protection has become so shaky."
The kitchen was so crowded that eveningit was difficult to maneuver knives and
forks. Harry found himself crammed beside Ginny; the unsaid things that had just passed
between themmade himwish they had been separated by a few more people. He was
trying so hard to avoid brushingher armhe could barely cut his chicken.
"No news about Mad-Eye?" Harry asked Bill.
"Nothing," replied Bill.
They had not been able to hold a funeralfor Moody, because Bill and Lupinhad
failed to recover his body. It had been difficult to know where hemighthavefallen, given
the darkness and the confusion of the battle.
"The Daily Prophet hasn't said a word abouthimdying or aboutfinding the
body,"Billwent on. "But that doesn'tmean much. It's keeping alot quiet these days."
"And they stillhaven't called a hearing about allthe underagemagic I used
escaping the Death Eaters?" Harry called across the table to Mr. Weasley, who shook his
head.
"Because they know I had no choice or because they don't wantme to tellthe
world Voldemort attacked me?"
"Thelatter, I think. Scrimgeour doesn't want to admit that You-Know-Who is as
powerfulas heis, nor that Azkaban's seen a mass breakout."
"Yeah, why tellthe public the truth?" said Harry, clenchinghis knife so tightly
that thefaint scars on the back of his right hand stood out, white againsthis skin:I must
not tell lies.

"Isn't anyone at the Ministry prepared to stand up to him?" asked Ron angrily.
"Of course, Ron, but people are terrified," Mr. Weasley replied, "terrified that
they willbe next to disappear, their children the next to be attacked! There are nasty
rumors going around; I for one don't believe the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts
resigned. She hasn't been seen for weeks now. Meanwhile Scrimgeour remains shutup in
his office allday; I just hope he's working on a plan."
There was a pausein which Mrs. Weasley magicked the empty plates onto the
work surface and served apple tart.
"Wemust decide `ow you willbe disguised, `Arry," said Fleur, once everyone
had pudding. "For ze wedding," she added, when helooked confused. "Of course, none
of our guests are Death Eaters, but we cannot guarantee zat zey willnotlet something
slip after zey `ave `ad champagne."
From this, Harrygathered that she stillsuspected Hagrid.
"Yes, good point," said Mrs. Weasley from the top of the table where she sat,
spectacles perched on the end of her nose, scanning animmenselist of jobs that she had
scribbled on a verylong piece of parchment. "Now, Ron, have you cleaned out your
roomyet?"
"Why?" exclaimed Ron, slamminghis spoon down and glaring at his mother.
"Why does my roomhave to be cleaned out? Harry and I are fine withit the wayitis!"
"We are holdingyour brother's weddinghere in a few days' time, youngman ­"
"And are they gettingmarried inmy bedroom?" asked Ronfuriously. "No! So
whyin the name of Merlin's saggyleft ­"
"Don't talk to your mother like that," said Mr. Weasleyfirmly. "And do as you're
told."
Ron scowled at both his parents, then picked up his spoon and attacked thelast
fewmouthfuls ofhis apple tart.
"I can help, some ofit's mymess."Harry told Ron, but Mrs. Weasley cut across
him.
"No, Harry, dear, I'd much rather you helped Arthurmuch out the chickens, and
Hermione, I'd be ever so gratefulifyou'd change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame
Delacour; you know they're arriving at eleven tomorrow morning."
But as it turned out, there was verylittle to do for the chickens. "There's no need
to, er, mention it to Molly," Mr. Weasley told Harry, blockinghis access to the coop,
"but,
er, Ted Tonks sentmemost of what was left of Sirius's bike and, er, I'mhiding ­ that's
to say, keeping ­ itinhere. Fantastic stuff:There's an exhaustgaskin, as I believeit's

called, themostmagnificent battery, and it'll be a great opportunity to find outhow
brakes work. I'mgoing to try and putitall back together again when Molly's not ­ I
mean, when I've got time."
When they returned to the house, Mrs. Weasley was nowhere to be seen, so Harry
slipped upstairs to Ron's attic bedroom.
"I'm doingit, I'm doing ­ ! Oh, it's you," said Ron in relief, as Harry entered the
room. Ronlay back down on the bed, whichhe had evidently just vacated. The room
was
just as messy as ithad been allweek; the only chance was that Hermione was now sitting
inthefar corner, her fluffyginger cat, Crookshanks, at her feet, sorting books, some of
which Harry recognized as his own, into two enormous piles.
"Hi, Harry," she said, as he sat down onhis camp bed.
"And how did you manage to get away?"
"Oh, Ron's mumforgot that she asked Ginny and me to change the sheets
yesterday," said Hermione. She threw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and
The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts onto the other.
"We were just talking about Mad-Eye," Ron told Harry. "I reckon hemighthave
survived."
"But Billsaw himhit by the Killing Curse," said Harry.
"Yeah, but Billwas under attack too," said Ron. "How can he be sure what he
saw?"
"Evenifthe Killing Curse missed, Mad-Eye stillfell about a thousand feet," said
Hermione, now weightQuidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland inher hand.
"He could have used a Shield Charm ­"
"Fleur said his wand was blasted out of hishand," said Harry.
"Well, allright, ifyou wanthimto be dead," said Ron grumpily, punchinghis
pillowinto a more comfortable shape.
"Of course we don't want himto be dead!" said Hermione, looking shocked. "It's
dreadfulthat he's dead! But we're beingrealistic!"
For thefirst time, Harryimagined Mad-Eye's body, broken as Dumbledore's had
been, yet with that one eye stillwhizzinginits socket. Hefelt a stab of revulsion mixed
with a bizarre desire to laugh.
"The Death Eaters probably tidied up after themselves, that's whyno one's found
him," said Ron wisely.
"Yeah," said Harry. "Like Barty Crouch, turned into a bone and buried in
Hagrid's front garden. They probably transfigured Moody and stuffed him ­"

"Don't!" squealed Hermione. Startled, Harrylooked over justin time to see her
burstinto tears over her copy of Spellman's Syllabary.
"Oh no," said Harry, strugglingto get upfrom the old camp bed. "Hermione, I
wasn't trying to upset ­"
But with a great creaking of rusty bedsprings, Ron bounded off the bed and got
there first. One arm around Hermione, he fished inhis jeans pocket and withdrew a
revolting-lookinghandkerchief thathe had used to clean out the oven earlier. Hastily
pulling out his wand, he pointed it at the rag and said, "Tergeo."
The wand siphoned offmost of the grease. Looking rather pleased withhimself,
Ron handed the slightly smokinghandkerchief to Hermione.
"Oh . . . thanks, Ron. . . . I'm sorry. . . ." She blew her nose and hiccupped. "It's
just so awf-ful,isn'tit? R-right after Dumbledore . . . I j-just n-never imagined Mad-Eye
dying, somehow, he seemed so tough!"
"Yeah, I know," said Ron, givingher a squeeze. "Butyou know what he'd say to
usifhe was here?"
"'C-constant vigilance,'" said Hermione,moppingher eyes.
"That's right," said Ron, nodding. "He'd tellus to learn fromwhat happened to
him. And what I'velearned is not to trust that cowardlylittle squit, Mundungus."
Hermione gave a shaky laugh and leaned forward to pick up two more books. A
second later, Ron had snatched his armback from around her shoulders; she had
dropped
The Monster of Monsters on his foot. The book had brokenfree fromits restraining belt
and snapped viciously at Ron's ankle.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry!"Hermione cried as Harry wrenched the book from Ron's
leg and retied it shit.
"What are you doing with allthose books anyway?" Ron asked, limping back to
his bed.
"Just trying to decide which ones to take withus," said Hermione, "When we're
lookingfor the Horcruxes."
"Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be
hunting down Voldemortin a mobilelibrary."
"Ha ha," said Hermione, looking down at Spellman's Syllabary. "I wonder . . .
willwe need to translate runes? It's possible. . . . I think we'd better take it, to be safe."
She dropped the syllabary onto thelarger of the two piles and picked up Hogwarts,
A History.
"Listen," said Harry.

He had sat up straight. Ron and Hermionelooked at himwith similar mixtures of
resignation and defiance.
"I know you said after Dumbledore's funeral that you wanted to come withme,"
Harry began.
"Here he goes," Ron said to Hermione, rollinghis eyes.
"As we knew he would,"he sighed, turning back to the books. "You know, I
think I will take Hogwarts, A History. Evenifwe're not going back there, I don't think
I'd feel rightif I didn't haveit with ­"
"Listen!" said Harry again.
"No, Harry, you listen," said Hermione. "We're coming withyou. That was
decided months ago ­ years, really."
"But ­"
"Shutup," Ron advised him.
"­ are you sure you've thought this through?" Harry persisted.
"Let's see," said Hermione, slamming Travels with Trolls onto the discarded pile
with a rather fierce look. "I've been packingfor days, so we're ready to leave at a
moment's notice, whichfor your informationhas included doing some pretty difficult
magic, not to mention smuggling Mad-Eye's whole stock of Polyjuice Potion rightunder
Ron's mum's nose.
"I've also modified my parents' memories so that they're convinced they're really
called Wendelland Monica Wilkins, and that theirlife's ambitionis to move to Australia,
which theyhave now done. That's to make itmore difficultfor Voldemort to track them
down and interrogate them aboutme ­ or you, because unfortunately, I've told them quite
a bit aboutyou.
"Assuming I survive our huntfor the Horcruxes, I'llfind Mum and Dad and lift
the enchantment. If I don't ­ well, I think I've cast a good enough charmto keep them
safe and happy. Wendelland Monica Wilkins don't know that they've got a daughter,
you see."
Hermione's eyes were swimmingwith tears again. Ron got back off the bed, put
his arm around her once more, and frowned at Harry as though reproachinghimfor lack
of tact. Harry could not think of anythingto say, notleast because it was highlyunusual
for Ron to be teaching anyone else tact.
"I ­ Hermione, I'm sorry ­ I didn't ­"
"Didn't realize that Ron and I know perfectly wellwhatmighthappen ifwe come
withyou? Well, we do. Ron, show Harry whatyou've done."
"Nah, he's just eaten," said Ron.

"Go on, he needs to know!"
"Oh, allright. Harry, come here."
For the second time Ron withdrew his armfrom around Hermione and stumped
over to the door.
"C'mon."
"Why?" Harry asked, following Ron out of the room onto the tinylanding.
"Descendo,"muttered Ron, pointinghis wand at thelow ceiling. A hatch opened
right over their heads and a ladder slid down to theirfeet. A horrible, half-sucking, half-
moaning sound came out of the square hole, along with an unpleasant smelllike open
drains.
"That's your ghoul,isn'tit?" asked Harry, who had never actuallymet the
creature that sometimes disrupted the nightly silence.
"Yeah, itis," said Ron, climbing theladder. "Come and have a look at him."
Harryfollowed Ron up thefew short steps into the tiny attic space. His head and
shoulders were in the room before he caught sight of the creature curled up a fewfeet
fromhim, fast asleep in the gloomwithits largemouth wide open.
"Butit . . . itlooks . . . do ghoulsnormally wear pajamas?"
"No," said Ron. "Nor have they usuallygot red hair or thatnumber of pustules."
Harry contemplated the thing, slightly revolted. It was humanin shape and size,
and was wearing what, now that Harry's eyes became used to the darkness, was clearly
an old pair of Ron's pajamas. He was also sure that ghouls were generally rather slimy
and bald, rather than distinctlyhairy and covered in angry purple blisters.
"He's me, see?" said Ron.
"No," said Harry. "I don't."
"I'llexplainit back inmy room, the smell's getting to me," said Ron. They
climbed back down theladder, which Ron returned to the ceiling, and rejoined Hermione,
who was stillsorting books.
"Once we'veleft, the ghoul's going to come and live down here inmy room,"
said Ron. "I think he's reallylookingforward to it ­ well,it's hard to tell, because allhe
can do is moan and drool ­ but he nods a lot when youmentionit. Anyway, he's going to
be me with spattergroit. Good, eh?"
Harrymerelylooked his confusion.
"Itis!" said Ron, clearlyfrustrated that Harry had not grasped the brilliance of the
plan. "Look, when we three don't turn up at Hogwarts again, everyone's going to think
Hermione and I must be withyou, right? Which means the Death Eaters willgo straight
for our families to see if they've gotinformation on where you are."

"Buthopefullyit'lllook like I've gone away with Mum and Dad; alot of Muggle-
borns are talking about goinginto hidingat themoment," said Hermione.
"We can't hide my wholefamily,it'lllook too fishy and they can't allleave their
jobs," said Ron. "So we're going to put out the story that I'm seriouslyillwith
spattergroit, whichis why I can'tgo back to school. If anyone comes callingto
investigate, Mum or Dad can show themthe ghoulinmy bed, covered in pustules.
Spattergroit's really contagious, so they're not going to want to go near him. It won't
matter thathe can't say anything, either, because apparentlyyou can't once thefungus
has spread to your uvula."
"And your mum and dad are in on this plan?" asked Harry.
"Dad is. He helped Fred and George transformthe ghoul. Mum . . . well, you've
seen what she's like. She won't accept we're going tillwe're gone."
There was silencein the room, broken only by gentle thuds as Hermione
continued to throw books onto one pile or the other. Ron sat watchingher, and Harry
looked from one to the other, unable to say anything. Themeasure they had taken to
protect theirfamilies made himrealize, more than anything else could have done, that
they really were going to come withhimand that they knew exactlyhow dangerous that
would be. He wanted to tellthemwhat thatmeant to him, but he simply could notfind
words important enough.
Through the silence came themuffled sounds of Mrs. Weasley shoutingfromfour
floors below.
"Ginny's probablyleft a speck of dust on a poxynapkin ring," said Ron. "I dunno
why the Delacours have got to come two days before the wedding."
"Fleur's sister's a bridesmaid, she needs to be herefor the rehearsal, and she's too
young to come on her own," said Hermione, as she pored indecisively over Break with a
Banshee.
"Well, guests aren'tgoing to help Mum's stress levels," said Ron.
"What we reallyneed to decide," said Hermione, tossing Defensive Magical
Theory into the binwithout a second glance and pickingup An Appraisal of Magical
Education in Europe, "is where we're going after we leave here. I know you saidyou
wanted to go to Godric's Hollow first, Harry, and I understand why, but . . . well. . .
shouldn't wemake the Horcruxes our priority?"
"If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were, I'd agree withyou," said Harry,
who did not believe that Hermione reallyunderstood his desire to return to Godric's
Hollow. His parents' graves were only part of the attraction:He had a strong, though
inexplicable, feeling that the place held answers for him. Perhaps it was simply becauseit

was there that he had survived Voldemort's Killing Curse; now that he was facing the
challenge of repeating thefeat, Harry was drawn to the place where ithad happened,
wanting to understand.
"Don't you think there's a possibility that Voldemort's keeping a watch on
Godric's Hollow?" Hermione asked. "He might expect you to go back and visit your
parents' graves once you're free to go wherever youlike?"
This had not occurred to Harry. Whilehe struggled to find a counterargument,
Ron spoke up, evidentlyfollowinghis own train of thought.
"This R.A.B. person,"he said. "You know, the one who stole the reallocket?"
Hermione nodded.
"He said inhis note he was going to destroyit, didn't he?"
Harry dragged his rucksack toward himand pulled out thefake Horcruxin which
R.A.B.'s note was stillfolded.
"'I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can.'"Harry
read out.
"Well, whatifhe did finishit off?" said Ron.
"Or she." Interposed Hermione.
"Whichever," said Ron. "it'd be one lessfor us to do!"
"Yes, but we're stillgoing to have to try and trace the reallocket, aren't we?" said
Hermione, "to find out whether or notit's destroyed."
"And once we get hold ofit, how do you destroy a Horcrux?" asked Ron.
"Well," said Hermione, "I've been researching that."
"How?" asked Harry. "I didn't think there were any books on Horcruxes in the
library?"
"There weren't," said Hermione, who had turned pink. "Dumbledore removed
them all, but he ­ he didn't destroy them."
Ron sat up straight, wide-eyed.
"How in the name of Merlin's pants have you managed to get your hands on those
Horcrux books?"
"It ­ it wasn't stealing!" said Hermione, lookingfromHarry to Ron with a kind of
desperation. "They were stilllibrary books, evenif Dumbledore had taken themoff the
shelves. Anyway, ifhe really didn't want anyone to get at them, I'msure he would have
made itmuch harder to ­"
"Get to the point!" said Ron.
"Well. . . it was easy," said Hermionein a smallvoice. "I just did a Summoning
Charm. You know ­ Accio. And ­ they zoomed out of Dumbledore's study window right

into the girls' dormitory."
"But when did you do this?" Harry asked, regarding Hermione with a mixture of
admiration and incredulity.
"Just after his ­ Dumbledore's ­ funeral," said Hermionein an even smaller voice.
"Right after we agreed we'd leave schooland go and look for the Horcruxes. When I
went back upstairs to getmy thingsit ­ itjust occurred to me that themore we knew
about them, the better itwould be . . . and I was alonein there . . . so I tried . . . and it
worked. Theyflew straightin through the open window and I ­ I packed them."
She swallowed and then said imploringly, "I can't believe Dumbledore would
have been angry, it's not as though we're going to use theinformation to make a Horcrux,
isit?"
"Can you hear us complaining?" said Ron. "Where are these books anyway?"
Hermione rummaged for a moment and then extracted from the pile a large
volume, bound infaded black leather. Shelooked a little nauseated and held it as gingerly
as ifitwere something recently dead.
"Thisis the one thatgives explicitinstructions on how to make a Horcrux. Secrets
of the Darkest Art ­ it's a horrible book, really awful,fullof evilmagic. I wonder when
Dumbledore removed itfromthelibrary. . . . ifhe didn't do ituntilhe was headmaster, I
bet Voldemortgot alltheinstruction he needed fromhere."
"Why did he have to ask Slughorn how to make a Horcrux, then, ifhe'd already
read that?" asked Ron.
"He only approached Slughorn to find outwhat would happen ifyou splityour
soulinto seven," said Harry. "Dumbledore was sure Riddle already knew how to make a
Horcrux by the timehe asked Slughorn about them. I think you're right, Hermione, that
could easilyhave been where he got the information."
"And themore I've read about them," said Hermione, "themore horrible they
seem, and theless I can believe that he actuallymade six. It warns in this book how
unstable you make the rest of your soulby rippingit, and that's just by making one
Horcrux!"
Harry remembered what Dumbledore had said about Voldemortmoving beyond
"usual evil."
"Isn't there any way of puttingyourself back together?"Ron asked.
"Yes," said Hermione with a hollow smile, "butit would be excruciatingly
painful."
"Why? How do you do it?" asked Harry.
"Remorse," said Hermione. "You've got to reallyfeelwhat you've done. There's

a footnote. Apparently the pain ofit can destroy you. I can't see Voldemort attemptingit
somehow, can you?"
"No," said Ron, before Harry could answer. "So does it say how to destroy
Horcruxes in that book?"
"Yes," said Hermione, now turning thefragile pages as if examining rotting
entrails, "because it warns Dark wizards how strong they have to make the enchantments
on them. From allthat I've read, what Harry did to Riddle's diary was one of thefew
reallyfoolproof ways of destroying a Horcrux."
"What, stabbingit with a basilisk fang?"asked Harry.
"Oh well, lucky we've got such a large supply of basilisk fangs, then," said Ron.
"I was wondering what we were going to do with them."
"It doesn'thave to be a basilisk fang," said Hermione patiently. "It has to be
something so destructive that the Horcrux can't repair itself. Basilisk venom onlyhas one
antidote, and it's incredibly rare ­"
"­ phoenix tears," said Harry, nodding.
"Exactly," said Hermione. "Our problemis that there are veryfew substances as
destructive as basilisk venom, and they're all dangerous to carry around withyou. That's
a problemwe're going to have to solve, though, because ripping, smashing, or crushing a
Horcrux won't do the trick. You've got to putit beyond magicalrepair."
"But evenifwe wreck the thingitlives in," said Ron, "why can't the bit of soulin
itjust go and livein something else?"
"Because a Horcruxis the complete opposite of a human being."
Seeing that Harry and Ron looked thoroughly confused, Hermione hurried on.
"Look, if I picked up a sword rightnow, Ron, and ran you through withit, I wouldn't
damage your soul at all."
"Which would be a real comfort to me, I'm sure," said Ron. Harrylaughed.
"It should be, actually! Butmy pointis that whatever happens to your body, your
soulwillsurvive, untouched," said Hermione. "Butit's the other way round with a
Horcrux. Thefragment of soulinside it depends onits container, its enchanted body, for
survival. It can't exist withoutit."
"That diary sort of died when I stabbed it," said Harry, rememberingink pouring
like blood from the punctured pages, and the screams of the piece of Voldemort's soul as
itvanished.
"And once the diary was properly destroyed, the bit of soultrapped init could no
longer exist. Ginny tried to get rid of the diary before you did, flushingit away, but
obviouslyit came back good as new."

"Hang on," said Ron, frowning. "The bit of soulin that diary was possessing
Ginny, wasn'tit? How does that work, then?"
"While themagical container is stillintact, the bit of soulinside it canflitin and
out of someoneif they get too close to the object. I don'tmean holdingitfor too long, it's
nothing to do with touchingit," she added before Ron could speak. "I mean close
emotionally. Ginny poured her heart outinto that diary, shemade herselfincredibly
vulnerable. You'rein troubleifyou get too fond of or dependent on the Horcrux."
"I wonder how Dumbledore destroyed the ring?" said Harry. "Why didn't I ask
him? I never really . . ."
His voice trailed away:He was thinking of allthe things he should have asked
Dumbledore, and of how, since the headmaster had died, it seemed to Harry thathe had
wasted so many opportunities when Dumbledore had been alive, to find outmore . . . to
find out everything. . . .
The silence was shattered as the bedroomdoor flew open with a wall-shaking
crash. Hermione shrieked and dropped Secrets of the Darkest Art; Crookshanks
streaked
under the bed, hissingindignantly; Ron jumped off the bed, skidded on a discarded
Chocolate Frog wrapper, and smacked hishead on the opposite wall; and Harry
instinctively dived for his wand before realizing that he was lookingup at Mrs. Weasley,
whose hair was disheveled and whose face was contorted with rage.
"I'm so sorry to break up this cozylittle gathering," she said, her voice trembling.
"I'm sure you allneed your rest . . . but there are wedding presents stacked inmyroom
thatneed sorting out and I was under theimpression thatyou had agreed to help."
"Oh yes," said Hermione, looking terrified as sheleapt to her feet, sending books
flyingin every direction. "we will. . . we're sorry . . ."
With an anguished look at Harry and Ron, Hermione hurried out of the room after
Mrs. Weasley.
"it's like being a house-elf," complained Ronin an undertone, stillmassaginghis
head as he and Harry followed. "Except without the job satisfaction. The sooner this
wedding's over, the happier, I'll be."
"Yeah," said Harry, "then we'llhave nothing to do except find Horcruxes. . . .
It'll be like a holiday, won'tit?"
Ron started to laugh, but at the sight of the enormous pile of wedding presents
waitingfor themin Mrs. Weasley's room, stopped quite abruptly.
The Delacours arrived thefollowingmorning at eleven o' clock. Harry, Ron,
Hermione and Ginny were feeling quite resentfultoward Fleur's family by this time; and

itwas withillgrace that Ron stumped back upstairs to put on matching socks, and Harry
attempted to flatten hishair. Once theyhad all been deemed smart enough, they trooped
outinto the sunny backyard to await the visitors.
Harry had never seen the place looking so tidy. The rusty cauldrons and old
Wellington boots that usuallylittered the steps by the back door were gone, replaced by
two new Flutterby bushes standing either side of the door inlarge pots; though there was
no breeze, theleaves waved lazily, giving an attractive rippling effect. The chickens had
been shut away, the yard had been swept, and the nearby garden had been pruned,
plucked, and generally spruced up, although Harry, who liked itinits overgrown state,
thought thatitlooked rather forlorn withoutits usual contingent of caperinggnomes.
He had lost track of how many security enchantments had been placed upon the
Burrow by both the Order and the Ministry; allhe knew was thatit was no longer
possiblefor anybody to travel bymagic directlyinto the place. Mr. Weasley had
therefore gone to meet the Delacours on top of a nearby hill, where they were to arrive by
Portkey. Thefirst sound of their approach was an unusuallyhigh-pitched laugh, which
turned out to be comingfrom Mr. Weasley, who appeared at the gate moments later,
laden withluggage and leading a beautifulblonde womaninlong, leaf green robes, who
could be Fleur's mother.
"Maman!" cried Fleur, rushingforward to embrace her. "Papa!"
Monsieur Delacour was nowhere near as attractive as his wife;he was a head
shorter and extremely plumb, with alittle, pointed black beard. However, helooked
good-natured. Bouncing towards Mrs. Weasley on high-heeled boots, he kissed her
twice
on each cheek, leavingher flustered.
"You `ave been so much trouble,"he said in a deep voice. "Fleur tells us you `ave
been workingvery `ard."
"Oh, it's been nothing, nothing!"trilled Mrs. Weasley. "No trouble at all!"
Ron relieved hisfeelings by aiming a kick at a gnome who was peering outfrom
behind one of the new Flutterby bushes.
"Dear lady!" said Monsieur Delacour, stillholding Mrs. Weasley's hand between
his own two plump ones and beaming. "We are most honored at the approachingunion of
our two families! Letme presentmy wife, Apolline."
Madame Delacour glided forward and stooped to kiss Mrs. Weasley too.
"Enchantée," she said. "Your `usband `as been tellingus such amusing stories!"
Mr. Weasley gave a maniacallaugh; Mrs. Weasley threw him alook, upon which
he becameimmediately silent and assumed an expression appropriate to the sickbed of a

close friend.
"And, of course, you `avemetmyleetle daughter, Gabrielle!" said Monsieur
Delacour. Gabrielle was Fleur inminiature; eleven years old, with waist-lengthhair of
pure, silvery blonde, she gave Mrs. Weasley a dazzling smile and hugged her, then threw
Harry a glowinglook, battingher eyelashes. Ginny cleared her throatloudly.
"Well, comein, do!" said Mrs. Weasley brightly, and she ushered the Delacours
into the house, withmany"No, please!"s and "After you!"s and "Not at all!"s.
The Delacours, it soon transpired, were helpful, pleasant guests. They were
pleased with everything and keen to assist with the preparations for the wedding.
Monsieur Delacour pronounced everythingfrom the seating plan to the bridesmaids'
shoes "Charmant!" Madame Delacour was most accomplished at household spells and
had the oven properly cleaned in a trice; Gabriellefollowed her elder sister around, trying
to assistin any way she could and jabbering away in rapid French.
On the downside, the Burrow was not builtto accommodate so many people. Mr.
and Mrs. Weasley were now sleepingin the sitting room, having shouted down Monsieur
and Madame Delacour's protests and insisted they take their bedroom. Gabrielle was
sleeping with Fleur in Percy's old room, and Billwould be sharing with Charlie, his best
man, once Charlie arrived from Romania. Opportunities to make plans together became
virtuallynonexistent, and it was in desperation that Harry, Ron and Hermione took to
volunteering to feed the chickens just to escape the overcrowded house.
"But she still won'tleave us alone!" snarled Ron, and their second attempt at a
meetingin the yard was foiled by the appearance of Mrs. Weasley carrying a large basket
oflaundryinher arms.
"Oh, good, you'vefed the chickens," she called as she approached them. "We'd
better shut them away again before the men arrive tomorrow . . . to putup the tentfor the
wedding," she explained, pausing to lean against the henhouse. She looked exhausted.
"Millamant's Magic Marquees . . . they're very good. Bill's escorting them. . . . You'd
better stay inside while they're here, Harry. I must say it does complicate organizing a
wedding, having allthese security spells around the place."
"I'm sorry," said Harry humbly.
"Oh, don't be silly, dear!" said Mrs. Weasley at once. "I didn'tmean ­ well, your
safety's muchmore important! Actually, I've been wanting to ask you how you want to
celebrate your birthday, Harry. Seventeen, after all, it's animportant day. . . ."
"I don't want a fuss," said Harry quickly, envisaging the additional strain this
would put on them all. "Really, Mrs. Weasley, just a normal dinner would be fine. . . . It's
the day before the wedding. . . ."

"Oh, well,ifyou're sure, dear. I'llinvite Remus and Tonks, shallI? And how
about Hagrid?"
"That'd be great," said Harry. "But please, don't go to loads of trouble."
"Not at all, not at all. . . It's no trouble. . . ."
Shelooked at him, along, searchinglook, then smiled a little sadly, straightened
up, and walked away. Harry watched as she waved her wand near the washingline, and
the damp clothes rose into the air to hang themselves up, and suddenlyhefelt a great
wave of remorsefor theinconvenience and the painhe was givingher.



Chapter Seven
 The Will of Albus Dumbledore

He was walking along amountain road in the cool bluelight of dawn. Far below,
swathed inmist, was the shadow of a smalltown. Was theman he sought down there, the
manhe needed so badlyhe could think oflittle else, theman who held the answer, the
answer to his problem...?
"Oi, wake up."
Harry opened his eyes. He was lying again on the camp bed in Ron's dingy attic
room. The sunhad not yet risen and the room was stillshadowy. Pigwidgeon was asleep
withhis head under his tiny wing. The scar on Harry's forehead was prickling.
"You weremutteringinyour sleep."
"Was I?"
"Yeah. 'Gregorovitch.' You kept saying 'Gregorovitch.'"
Harry was not wearinghis glasses; Ron's face appeared slightly blurred.
"Who's Gregorovitch?"

"I dunno, do I?" You were the one sayingit."
Harry rubbed hisforehead, thinking. He had a vagueidea he had heard the name
before, but he could not think where.
"I think Voldemort's lookingfor him."
"Poor bloke," said Ronfervently.
Harry sat up, stillrubbinghis scar, now wide awake. He tried to remember
exactly what he had seen in the dream, but allthat came back was a mountainous horizon
and the outline of thelittle village cradled in a deep valley.

"I think he's abroad."
"Who, Gregorovitch?"
"Voldemort. I think he's somewhere abroad, lookingfor Gregorovitch. It didn't
look like anywhere in Britain."
"You reckon you were seeinginto his mind again?"
Ron sounded worried.
"Do me a favor and don't tellHermione," said Harry."Althoughhow she expects
me to stop seeing stuffinmy sleep..."
He gazed up at little Pigwidgeon's cage, thinking...Why was the name
"Gregorovitch"familiar?
"I think,"he said slowly,"he's got something to do with Quidditch. There's some
connection, but I can't--I can't think whatitis."
"Quidditch?" said Ron."Sure you're not thinking of Gorgovitch?"
"Who?"
"Dragomir Gorgovitch, Chaser, transferred to the Chudley Cannons for a record
fee two years ago. Record holder for most Quaffle drops in a season."
"No," said Harry. "I'm definitelynot thinking of Gorgovitch."

"I try not to either," said Ron. "Well, happy birthday anyway."
"Wow -- that's right, I forgot! I'm seventeen!"
Harry seized the wand lying beside his camp bed, pointed it at the cluttered desk
where he had lefthis glasses, and said, "Accio Glasses!" Although they were only around
a foot away, there was somethingimmensely satisfying about seeing themzoom toward
him, atleast untilthey poked himin the eye.
"Slick," snorted Ron.
Revelingin the removal of his Trace, Harry sent Ron's possessions flying around
the room, causing Pigwidgeon to wake up and flutter excitedly around his cage. Harry
also tried tying thelaces of his trainers bymagic (the resultant knot took severalminutes
to untie by hand) and, purelyfor the pleasure ofit, turned the orange robes on Ron's
Chudley Cannons posters bright blue.
"I'd do your fly by hand, though,"Ron advised Harry, sniggering when Harry
immediately checked it. "Here's your present. Unwrap itup here, it's notfor my mother's
eyes."
"A book?" said Harry as he took the rectangular parcel. "Bit of a departure from
tradition, isn'tit?"
"Thisisn't your average book," said Ron."It'd pure gold:Twelve Fail-Safe Ways

to Charm Witches. Explains everythingyou need to know about girls. If only I'd had this
last year I'd have known exactlyhow to get rid of Lavender and I would've known how
to
get going with... Well, Fred and George gaveme a copy, and I've learned a lot. You'd be
surprised, it's not allabout wandwork, either."
When they arrived in the kitchen theyfound a pile of presents waiting on the table.
Billand Monsieur Delacour were finishing their breakfasts, while Mrs. Weasley stood
chatting to them over thefrying pan.

"Arthur told me to wishyou a happy seventeenth, Harry," said Mrs. Weasley,
beaming at him."He had to leave earlyfor work, buthe'll be back for dinner. That's our
present on top."
Harry sat down, took the square parcelshe had indicated, and unwrapped it.
Inside was a watch verylike the one Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had given Ronfor his
seventeenth;it was gold, with stars circling around the race instead of hands.
"It's traditional to give a wizard a watch when he comes of age," said Mrs.
Weasley, watchinghim anxiouslyfrom beside the cooker. "I'm afraid that oneisn't new
like Ron's, it was actuallymy brother Fabian's and he wasn't terribly carefulwithhis
possessions, it's a bit dented on the back, but--"
The rest of her speech was lost; Harry had got up and hugged her. He tried to put
a lot of unsaid thingsinto the hug and perhaps she understood them, because she patted
his cheek clumsilywhen he released her, then waved her wand in a slightly randomway,
causinghalf a pack of bacon to flop out of thefrying pan onto thefloor.
"Happy birthday, Harry!" said Hermione, hurryinginto the kitchen and addingher
own present to the top of the pile."It's not much, but I hope youlikeit. What did you get
him?" she added to Ron, who seemed not to hear her.
"Come on, then, open Hermione's!" said Ron.
She had boughthima new Sneakoscope. The other packages contained an
enchanted razor fromBilland Fleur ("Ahyes, zis willgiveyouze smoothest shaveyou
willever 'ave," Monsieur Delacour assured him,"but you must tellit clearly what you
want...ozzerwise youmightfind you 'ave a leetleless hair zan you would like..."),
chocolates from the Delacours, and an enormous box of thelatest Weasleys' Wizard
Wheezes merchandisefrom Fred and George.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione did notlinger at the table, as the arrival of Madame
Delacour, Fleur, and Gabriellemade the kitchen uncomfortably crowded.

"I'll pack thesefor you," Hermione said brightly, taking Harry's presents out of his
arms as the three of themheaded back upstairs. "I'mnearly done, I'm just waitingfor the
rest of your underpants to come out of the wash, Ron--"
Ron's splutter was interrupted by the opening of a door on thefirst-floor landing.
"Harry, willyou comeinhere a moment?"
It was Ginny. Ron came to an abrupt halt, but Hermione took him by the elbow
and tugged him on up the stairs. Feelingnervous, Harryfollowed Ginnyinto her room.
He had never been inside it before. It was small, but bright. There was a large
poster of the Wizarding band the Weird Sisters on one wall, and a picture of Gwenog
Jones, Captain of the all-witch Quidditch team the Holyhead Harpies, on the other. A
desk stood facing the open window, which looked out over the orchard where he and
Ginnyhad once played a two-a-side Quidditch with Ron and Hermione, and which now
housed a large, pearly whitemarquee. The golden flag on top was levelwith Ginny's
window.
Ginnylooked up into Harry's face, took a deep breath, and said, "Happy
seventeenth."
"Yeah...thanks."
She was looking at himsteadily;he however, found it difficult to look back at her;
itwas like gazinginto a brilliantlight.
"Nice view,"he said feebly, pointing toward with window.
Sheignored this. He could not blame her.
"I couldn't think what to get you," she said.

"You didn't have to getme anything."
She disregarded this too.
"I didn't know what would be useful. Nothing too big, because you wouldn't be
able to take it withyou."
He chanced a glance at her. She was not tearful; that was one of themany
wonderfulthings about Ginny, she was rarely weepy. He had sometimes thought that
having six brothers must have toughened her up.
She took a step closer to him.
"So then I thought, I'd like you to have something to remember me by, you know,
ifyou meet some veela when you're off doing whatever you're doing."
"I think dating opportunities are going to be pretty thin on the ground, to be
honest."
"There's the silver lining I've been lookingfor," she whispered, and then she was

kissinghimas she had never kissed himbefore, and Harry was kissingher back, and it
was blissful oblivion better thanfirewhisky; she was the only real thingin the world,
Ginny, thefeel of her, one hand at her back and one inher long, sweet-smellinghair--
The door banged open behind them and they jumped apart.
"Oh," said Ron pointedly."Sorry."
"Ron!" Hermione was just behind him, slight out of breath. There was a strained
silence, then Ginnyhad said in aflatlittle voice,
"Well, happy birthday anyway, Harry."
Ron's ears were scarlet; Hermionelooked nervous. Harry wanted to slamthe door
intheirfaces, butitfelt as though a cold drafthad entered the roomwhen the door
opened, and his shiningmoment had popped like a soap bubble. Allthe reasons for
endinghis relationship with Ginny, for stayingwellaway fromher, seemed to have slunk
inside the room with Ron, and allhappy forgetfulness was gone.
He looked at Ginny, wanting to say something, thoughhe hardly knew what, but
she had turned her back on him. He thought that shemighthave succumbed, for once, to
tears. He could not do anything to comfort her infront of Ron.
"I'llsee you later,"he said, and followed the other two out of the bedroom.
Ron marched downstairs, though the still-crowded kitchen and into the yard, and
Harry kept pace withhim allthe way, Hermione trotting along behind themlooking
scared.
Once he reached the seclusion of thefreshlymownlawn, Ron rounded on Harry.
"You ditched her. What are you doingnow, messingher around?"
"I'mnotmessingher around," said Harry, as Hermione caughtup with them.
"Ron--"
But Ron held up a hand to silence her.
"She was really cut up when you ended it--"
"So was I. You know why I stopped it, and it wasn't because I wanted to."
"Yeah, butyou go snoggingher now and she's justgoing to get her hopes up
again--"
"She's not anidiot, she knows it can't happen, she's not expectingus to--to end up
married, or--"
As he said it, a vivid pictureformed in Harry's mind of Ginnyin a white dress,
marrying a tall,faceless, and unpleasant stranger.

In one spiralingmomentit seemed to hithim:Her future was free and
unencumbered, whereas his...he could see nothing but Voldemort ahead.

"Ifyou keep gropingher every chance you get--"
"It won't happen again," said Harry harshly. The day was cloudless, but hefelt as
though the sunhad gonein. "Okay?"
Ronlooked half resentful,halfsheepish; he rocked backward and forward on his
feetfor a moment, then said, "Right then, well, that's...yeah."
Ginny did not seek another one-to-one meeting with Harryfor the rest of the day,
nor by anylook or gesture did she show that they had shared more than polite
conversationinher room. Nevertheless, Charlie's arrival came as a relief to Harry. It
provided a distraction, watching Mrs. Weasleyforce Charlieinto a chair, raise her wand
threateningly, and announce that he was about to get a proper haircut.
As Harry's birthday dinner would have stretched the Burrow's kitchen to breaking
point even before the arrival of Charlie, Lupin, Tonks, and Hagrid, severaltables were
placed end to end in the garden. Fred and George bewitched a number of purple lanterns
all emblazoned with a large number 17, to hanginmidair over the guests. Thanks to Mrs.
Weasley's ministrations, George's wound was neat and clean, but Harry was notyet used
to the dark holein the side of his head, despite the twins' many jokes aboutit.
Hermionemade purple and gold streamers eruptfrom the end ofher wand and
drape themselves artistically over the trees and bushes.
"Nice," said Ron, as with onefinalflourish of her wand, Hermione

turned theleaves on the crabapple tree to gold. "You've reallygot an eyefor that sort of
thing."
"Thank you, Ron!" said Hermione, looking both pleased and a little confused.
Harry turned away, smilingto himself. He had a funnynotion that he would find a
chapter on compliments when hefound time to peruse his copy of Twelve Fail-Safe
Ways to Charm Witches; he caughtGinny's eye and grinned at her before remembering
his promise to Ron and hurriedly strikingup a conversation with Monsieur Delacour.
"Out of the way, out of the way!" sang Mrs. Weasley, coming through the gate
with what appeared to be a giant, beach-ball-sized Snitch floatinginfront ofher. Seconds
later Harry realized thatit was his birthday cake, which Mrs. Weasley was suspending
withher wand, rather than risk carryingit over the uneven ground. When the cake had
finallylanded in themiddle of the table, Harry said,
"Thatlooks amazing, Mrs. Weasley."
"Oh, it's nothing, dear," she said fondly. Over her shoulder, Ron gave Harry the
thumbs-up and mouthed, Good one.
By seven o'clock alltheguests had arrived, led into the house by Fred and George,

who had waited for them at the end of the lane. Hagrid had honored the occasion by
wearinghis best, and horrible, hairy brown suit. Although Lupin smiled as he shook
Harry's hand, Harry thoughthelooked rather unhappy. It was allvery odd; Tonks, beside
him,looked simply radiant.
"Happy birthday, Harry," she said, hugginghimtightly.
"Seventeen, eh!" said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket-sized glass of winefrom
Fred. "Sixyears ter the day since wemet, Harry, d'yeh remember it?"

"Vaguely," said Harry, grinningup at him. "Didn't you smash down thefront door,
give Dudley a pig's tail, and tellme I was a wizard?"
"Iforge' the details," Hagrid chortled. "Allrigh', Ron, Hermione?"
"We're fine," said Hermione. "How are you?"
"Ar, not bad. Bin busy, we got some newborn unicorns. I'llshow yeh when yeh
get back--" Harry avoided Ron's and Hermione's gazes as Hagrid rummaged in his
pocket.
"Here. Harry -- couldn't think what ter get teh, but then I remembered this." He pulled out
a small, slightlyfurry drawstring pouch with a long string, evidentlyintended to be worn
around the neck. "Mokeskin. Hide anythin'in there an' no one but the owner can getit
out.
They're rare, them."
"Hagrid, thanks!"
"'S'nothin'," said Hagrid with a wave of a dustbin-lid-sized hand. "An' there's
Charlie! Always liked him -- hey! Charlie!"
Charlie approached, runninghishand slightly ruefully over his new, brutally short
haircut. He was shorter than Ron, thickset, with a number of burns and scratches up his
muscley arms.
"Hi, Hagrid, how's itgoing?"
"Binmeanin' ter writefer ages. How's Norbert doin'?"
"Norbert?" Charlielaughed. "The Norwegian Ridgeback? We callher Norberta
now."
"Wha -- Norbert's a girl?"
"Oh yeah," said Charlie.
"How can you tell?" asked Hermione.
"They're a lotmore vicious," said Charlie. He looked over his shoulder and
dropped his voice. "Wish Dad would hurry up and get here. Mum's getting edgy."

They alllooked over at Mrs. Weasley. She was trying to talk to Madame Delacour
whileglancing repeatedly at the gate.
"I think we'd better start without Arthur," she called to the garden atlarge after a
moment or two. "Hemust have been held up at -- oh!"
They allsaw it at the same time: a streak oflight that cameflying across the yard
and onto the table, where it resolved itselfinto a bright silver weasel, which stood on its
hindlegs and spoke with Mr. Weasley's voice.
"Minister of Magic coming withme."
The Patronus dissolved into thin air, leaving Fleur's family peeringin
astonishment at the place whereithad vanished.
"We shouldn't be here," said Lupin at once. "Harry -- I'm sorry -- I'll explain some
other time--"
He seized Tonks's wrist and pulled her away; they reached thefence, climbed
over it, and vanished from sight. Mrs. Weasleylooked bewildered.
"The Minister -- but why--? I don't understand--"
But there was no time to discuss thematter; a second later, Mr. Weasley had
appeared out of thin air at the gate, accompanied by Rufus Scrimgeour, instantly
recognizable by hismane ofgrizzled hair.
The two newcomers marched across the yard toward the garden and thelantern-lit
table, where everybody sat in silence, watching them draw closer. As Scrimgeour came
withinrange of thelanternlight. Harry saw that helooked much older than thelast time
thathad met, scraggy and grim.
"Sorry to intrude," said Scrimgeour, as he limped to a halt before the table.
"Especially as I can see that I amgate-crashing a party."

His eyes lingered for a moment on the giant Snitch cake.
"Manyhappy returns."
"Thanks," said Harry.
"I require a private word withyou," Scrimgeour went on."Also with Mr. Ronald
Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger."
"Us?" said Ron, sounding surprised. "Whyus?"
"I shalltellyou that when we are somewhere more private," said Scrimgeour. "Is
there such a place?' he demanded of Mr. Weasley.
"Yes, of course," said Mr. Weasley, who looked nervous. "The, er, sitting room,
why don't you use that?"
"You canlead the way," Scrimgeour said to Ron. "There willbe no need for you

to accompanyus, Arthur."
Harry saw Mr. Weasley exchange a worried look with Mrs. Weasley as he, Ron,
and Hermione stood up. As theyled the way back to the housein silence, Harry knew
that the other two were thinking the same as he was; Scrimgeour must, somehow, had
learned that the three of themwere planningto drop out of Hogwarts.
Scrimgeour did not speak as they all passed through themessed kitchen and into
the Burrow's sitting room. Although the garden had been fullof softgolden eveninglight,
itwas already dark inhere; Harryflicked his wand at the oillamps as he entered and they
illuminated the shabby but cozy room. Scrimgeour sat himselfin the sagging armchair
that Mr. Weasley normally occupied, leavingHarry, Ron, and Hermione to squeeze side
by side onto the sofa. Once they had done so, Scrimgeour spoke.
"Ihave some questions for the three of you, and I think it willbe bestif we do it
individually. Ifyou two" -- he pointed at Harry and Hermione -- "can waitupstairs, I will
start with Ronald."

"We're not going anywhere," said Harry, whileHermione nodded vigorously.
"You can speak to us together, or not at all."
Scrimgeour gave Harry a cold, appraisinglook. Harry had theimpression that the
Minister was wondering whether it was worthwhile openinghostilities this early.
"Very wellthen, together,"he said, shrugging. He cleared his throat. "I amhere,
as I'm sure you know, because of Albus Dumbledore's will."
Harry, Ron, and Hermionelooked at one another.
"A surprise, apparently! You were not aware then that Dumbledore had leftyou
anything?"
"A-allofus?" said Ron, "Me and Hermione too?"
"Yes, all of --"
But Harryinterrupted.
"Dumbledore died over a month ago. Whyhas it taken thislong to give us what
heleftus?"
"Isn'tit obvious?" said Hermione, before Scrimgeour could answer. "They wanted
to examine whatever he's leftus. You had no right to do that!" she said, and her voice
trembled slightly.
"Ihad every right," said Scrimgeour dismissively."The Decree for Justifiable
Confiscation gives the Ministry the power the confiscate the contents of a will--"
"Thatlaw was created to stop wizards passing on Dark artifacts," said Hermione,
"and the Ministryis supposed to have powerful evidence that the deceased's possessions

are illegal before seizing them! Are you tellingme that you thought Dumbledore was
trying to pass us something cursed?"
"Are you planning to follow a career in Magical Law, Miss Granger?" asked
Scrimgeour.
"No, I'mnot," retorted Hermione. "I'mhoping to do some good in the world!"
Ronlaughed. Scrimgeour's eyes flickered toward him and away again as Harry
spoke.
"So whyhave you decided to let us have our things now? Can't think of a pretext
to keep them?"
"No, it'll be because thirty-one days are up," said Hermione at once. "They can't
keep the objects longer than thatunless they can prove they're dangerous. Right?"
"Would you say you were close to Dumbledore, Ronald?" asked Scrimgeour,
ignoring Hermione. Ronlooked startled.
"Me? Not -- not really... It was always Harry who..."
Ronlooked around at Harry and Hermione, to see Hermione givinghim a stop-
talking-now! sort oflook, but the damage was done; Scrimgeour looked as thoughhe had
heard exactly what he had expected, and wanted, to hear. He swooped like a bird of
prey
upon Ron's answer.
"Ifyou were not very close to Dumbledore, how do you accountfor thefact that
he remembered youinhis will?He made exceptionallyfew personal bequests. The vast
majority of his possessions -- his private library, his magicalinstruments, and other
personal effects -- were left to Hogwarts. Why do you think you were singled out?"
"I...dunno," said Ron. "I...when I say we weren't close...I mean, I think heliked
me..."
"You're beingmodest, Ron," said Hermione. "Dumbledore was veryfond of you."
This was stretching the truth to breakingpoint; as far as Harry knew, Ron and
Dumbledore had never been alone together, and direct contact between themhad been
negligible. However, Scrimgeour did not seem to be listening. He put hishand inside his
cloak and drew out a drawstring pouch muchlarger than the one Hagrid had given Harry.
Fromit, he removed a scroll of parchmentwhich he unrolled and read aloud.
"'The Last Willand Testament of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore'...
Yes, here we are... 'To Ronald Bilius Weasley, I leavemy Deluminator, in the hope that
he willremember me when he uses it.'"
Scrimgeour took from the bag an object that Harry had seen before: Itlooked
somethinglike a silver cigarette lighter, butithad, he knew, the power to suck alllight

from a place, and restore it, with a simple click. Scrimgeour leaned forward and passed
the Deluminator to Ron, who took it and turned it over in thefingers looking stunned.
"Thatis a valuable object," said Scrimgeour, watching Ron."Itmay even be
unique. Certainlyitis of Dumbledore's own design. Why would he haveleftyou and item
so rare?"
Ron shook his head, looking bewildered.
"Dumbledore musthave taught thousands of students," Scrimgeour persevered.
"Yet the only ones he remembered inhis will are you three. Whyis that? To whatuse did
he think you would put to the Deluminator, Mr. Weasley?"
"Put outlights, I s'pose,"mumbled Ron. "What else could I do withit?"
Evidently Scrimgeour had no suggestions. After squinting at Ronfor a moment or
tow, he turned back to Dumbledore's will.
"'To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I leavemy copy of The Tales of Beedle the
Bard, in the hope that she willfind it entertaining and instructive.'"
Scrimgeour now pulled out of the bag a small book thatlooked as ancient as the
copy of Secrets of the Darkest Art upstairs. Its binding was stained and peelingin places.
Hermione took itfrom Scrimgeour without a word. She held the book inher lap and
gazed at it. Harry saw that the title was in runes; he had never learned to read them. As he
looked, a tear splashed onto the embossed symbols.
"Why do you think Dumbledore leftyou that book, Miss Granger?" asked
Scrimgeour.
"He... he knew I liked books," said Hermionein a thick voice, moppingher eyes
withher sleeve.
"But why that particular book?"
"I don't know. He musthave thought I'd enjoy it."
"Did you ever discuss codes, or anymeans of passing secretmessages, with
Dumbledore?"
"No, I didn't," said Hermione, stillwipingher eyes on her sleeve. "And if the
Ministry hasn'tfound anyhidden codes in this book in thirty-one days, I doubt that I
will."
She suppressed a sob. They were wedged together so tightly that Ron had
difficulty extractinghis arm to putit around Hermione's shoulders. Scrimgeour turned
back to the will.
"'To Harry James Potter,'"he read, and Harry's insides contracted with a sudden
excitement, "'I leave the Snitch he caughtinhisfirst Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a
reminder of the rewards of perseverance and skill.'"

As Scrimgeour pulled out the tiny, walnut-sized golden ball,its silver wings
fluttered rather feebly, and Harry could not help feeling a definite sense of anticlimax.
"Why did Dumbledore leave you this Snitch?" asked Scrimgeour.
"No idea," said Harry. "For the reasons you just read out, I suppose... to remind
me what you can getifyou... persevere and whatever it was."
"You think this a mere symbolic keepsake, then?"
"I suppose so," said Harry."What else could it be?"
"I'm asking the questions," said Scrimgeour, shiftinghis chair a little closer to the
sofa. Dusk was reallyfalling outside now; themarquee beyond the windows towered
ghostly white over the hedge.
"Inotice thatyour birthday cake is in the shape of a Snitch," Scrimgeour said to
Harry. "Whyis that?"
Hermionelaughed derisively.
"Oh, it can't be a reference to thefact Harry's a great Seeker, that's way too
obvious," she said. "There must be a secretmessagefrom Dumbledore hidden in the
icing!"
"I don't think there's anythinghiddenin theicing," said Scrimgeour, "but a Snitch
would be a very good hiding place for a small object. You know why, I'm sure?"
Harry shrugged, Hermione, however, answered:Harry thought that answering
questions correctly was such a deeplyingrained habit she could not suppress the urge.
"Because Snitches havefleshmemories," she said.
"What?" said Harry and Ron together; both considered Hermione's Quidditch
knowledge negligible.
"Correct," said Scrimgeour. "A Snitchis not touched by bare skin before itis
released, not even by themaker, who wears gloves. It carries an enchantment by whichit
can identify thefirst human to layhands uponit, in case of a disputed capture. This
Snitch" -- he held up the tinygolden ball-- "willremember your touch, Potter.
It occurs to me that Dumbledore, who had prodigious magical skill, whatever his
other faults, mighthave enchanted this Snitch so thatitwillopen onlyfor you."
Harry's heart was beating rather fast. He was sure that Scrimgeour was right. How
could he avoid taking the Snitch withhis bare hand infront of the Minister?
"You don't say anything," said Scrimgeour."Perhaps you already know what the
Snitch contains?"
"No," said Harry, stillwonderinghow he could appear to touch the Snitch without
really doing so. If onlyhe knew Legilimency, really knew it, and could read Hermione's
mind; he could practicallyhear her brain whizzing beside him.

"Take it," said Scrimgeour quietly.
Harrymet the Minister's yellow eyes and knew he had no option but to obey. He
held out his hand, and Scrimgeour leaned forward again and place the Snitch, slowly and
deliberately, into Harry's palm.
Nothinghappened. As Harry's fingers closed around the Snitch, its tired wings
fluttered and were still. Scrimgeour, Ron, and Hermione continued to gaze avidly at the
now partially concealed ball, as if stillhopingitmight transformin some way.
"That was dramatic," said Harry coolly. Both Ron and Hermionelaughed.
"That's all, then, isit?" asked Hermione, making to raise herself offthe sofa.
"Not quite," said Scrimgeour, who looked bad tempered now. "Dumbledore left
you a second bequest, Potter."
"Whatis it?" asked Harry, excitement rekindling.
Scrimgeour did not bother to read from the willthis time.
"The sword of Godric Gryffindor,"he said. Hermione and Ron both stiffened.
Harrylooked around for a sign of the ruby-encrusted hilt, but Scrimgeour did not pullthe
sword from theleather pouch, whichin any case looked much too smallto containit.
"So where is it?" Harry asked suspiciously.
"Unfortunately," said Scrimgeour, "that sword was not Dumbledore's to give
away. The sword of Godric Gryffindor is animportant historical artifact, and as such,
belongs--"
"It belongs to Harry!" said Hermionehotly."It chose him,he was the one who
found it, it came to himout of the SortingHat--"
"According to reliable historical sources, the sword may presentitself to any
worthy Gryffindor," said Scrimgeour. "That does notmake it the exclusive property of
Mr. Potter, whatever Dumbledore may have decided." Scrimgeour scratched his badly
shaven cheek, scrutinizing Harry."Why do you think--?"
"--Dumbledore wanted to giveme the sword?" said Harry, struggling to keep his
temper. "Maybe he thoughtit would look nice on my wall."
"Thisis not a joke, Potter!"growled Scrimgeour. "Was it because Dumbledore
believed that only the sword of Godric Gryffindor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin? Did
he wish to give you that sword, Potter, because he believed, as do many, thatyou are the
one destined to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?"
"Interesting theory," said Harry. "Has anyone ever tried sticking a sword in
Voldemort? Maybe the Ministry should put some people onto that, instead of wasting
their time stripping down Deluminators or coveringup breakouts fromAzkaban. So this
is what you've been doing, Minister, shutup inyour office, trying to break open a Snitch?

People are dying ­ I was nearly one of them ­ Voldemort chased me across three
countries, he killed Mad-Eye Moody, but there's no word about any of thatfromthe
Ministry, has there? And you stillexpect us to cooperate withyou!"
"You go too far!" shouted Scrimgeour, standingup:Harry jumped to his feet too.
Scrimgeour limped toward Harry and jabbed himhard in the chest with the point ofhis
wand; It singed a holein Harry's T-shirtlike alit cigarette.
"Oi!" said Ron, jumpingup and raisinghis own wand, but Harry said,
"No! D'you want to give himan excuse to arrest us?"
"Remembered you're not at school, have you?" said Scrimgeour breathinghard
into Harry's face. "Remembered that I amnot Dumbledore, who forgave your insolence
and insubordination? You may wear that scar like a crown, Potter, butitis notup to a
seventeen-year-old boy to tellmehow to do my job! It's timeyoulearned some respect!"
"It's timeyou earned it." said Harry.
Thefloor trembled; there was a sound of runningfootsteps, then the door to the
sitting room burst open and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley ranin.
"We --- we thoughtwe heard --" began Mr. Weasley, looking thoroughly alarmed
at the sight of Harry and the Minister virtuallynose to nose.
"--raised voices," panted Mrs. Weasley.
Scrimgeour took a couple of steps back fromHarry, glancing at the hole he had
made in Harry's T-shirt. He seemed to regret hisloss of temper.
"It ­ it was nothing,"he growled. "I ... regret your attitude,"he said, looking
Harryfullin theface oncemore. "You seem to think that the Ministry does not desire
what you ­ what Dumbledore ­ desired. We ought to work together."
"I don'tlike your methods, Minister," said Harry. "Remember?"
For the second time, he raised his rightfist and displayed to Scrimgeour the scar
that stillshowed white on the back ofit, spelling I must not tell lies . Scrimgeour's
expressionhardened. He turned away without another word and limped from the room.
Mrs. Weasley hurried after him;Harry heard her stop at the back door. After a minute or
so she called, "He's gone!"
What did he want?" Mr. Weasley asked, looking around at Harry, Ron, and
Hermione as Mrs. Weasley came hurrying back to them.
"To give us what Dumbledoreleftus," said Harry."They've only just released the
content of his will."
Outsidein the garden, over the dinner tables, the three objects Scrimgeour had
given themwere passed fromhand to hand. Everyone exclaimed over the Deluminator
and The Tales of Beedle the Bard and lamented thefact that Scrimgeour had refused to

pass on the sword, but none of them could offer any suggestion as to why Dumbledore
would haveleft Harry an old Snitch. As Mr. Weasley examined the Deluminator for the
third offourth time, Mrs. Weasley said tentatively,"Harry, dear, everyone's awfully
hungry we didn'tlike to start withoutyou... ShallI serve dinner now?"
They allate rather hurriedly and then after a hasty chorus of"Happy Birthday"
and muchgulping of cake, the party broke up. Hagrid, who was invited to the wedding
thefollowing day, but was far too bulky to sleep in the overstretched Burrow, leftto set
up a tentfor himselfin a neighboringfield.
"Meet us upstairs," Harry whispered to Hermione, while they helped Mrs.
Weasley restore the garden to its normalstate. "After everyone's gone to bed."
Up in the attic room, Ron examined his Deluminator, and Harryfilled Hagrid's
mokeskin purse, not withgold, but with thoseitems hemost prized, apparently worthless
though some of themwere the Marauder's Map, the shard of Sirius's enchanted mirror,
and R.A.B.'s locket. He pulled the stringtight and slipped the purse around his neck, then
sat holding the old Snitch and watchingits wings flutter feebly. Atlast, Hermione tapped
on the door and tiptoed inside.
"Muffiato," she whispered, wavingher wand in the direction of the stairs.
"Thoughtyou didn't approve of that spell?" said Ron.
"Times change," said Hermione. "Now, show us that Deluminator."
Ron obliged at once. Holding I up infront ofhim, he clicked it. The solitarylamp
they had litwent out at once.
"The thingis," whispered Hermione through the dark, "we could have achieved
that with Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder."
There was a small click, and the ball oflightfrom thelamp flew back to the
ceiling and illuminated them all once more.
"Still,it's cool," said Ron, a little defensively."And fromwhat they said,
Dumbledore invented ithimself!"
"I know but, surelyhe wouldn't have singled you outinhis willjust to help us
turn out thelights!"
"D'you think he knew the Ministry would confiscate his will and examine
everythinghe'd leftus?" asked Harry.
"Definitely," said Hermione. "He couldn't tellusin the willwhyhe was leaving
us these things, but that willdoesn't explain..."
"... whyhe couldn't have given us a hint when he was alive?" asked Ron.
"Well, exactly," said Hermione, now flicking through The Tales of Beedle the
Bard. "Ifthese things areimportant enough to pass on rightunder the nose of the

Ministry, you'd think he'd haveleftus know why... unless he thoughtit was obvious?"
"Thought wrong, then, didn't he?" said Ron. "I always said he was mental.
Brilliant and everything, but cracked. Leaving Harry an old Snitch ­ what the hellwas
that about?"
"I've no idea," said Hermione. "When Scrimgeour made you take it, Harry, I was
so sure that something was going to happen!"
"Yeah, well," said Harry, his pulse quickened as he raised the Snitchinhis fingers.
"I wasn't going to try too hard infront of Scrimgeour was I?"
"What do youmean?" asked Hermione.
"The Snitch I caughtinmyfirst ever Quidditch match?" said Harry."Don't you
remember?"
Hermionelooked simply bemused. Ron, however, gasped, pointingfrantically
fromHarry to the Snitch and back again untilhefound hisvoice.
"That was the one you nearly swallowed!"
"Exactly," said Harry, and withhis heart beatingfast, he pressed hismouth to the
Snitch.
It did not open. Frustration and bitter disappointment welled up inside him:He
lowered the golden sphere, but then Hermione cried out.
"Writing! There's writing on it, quick, look!"
He nearly dropped the Snitch in surprise and excitement. Hermione was quite right.
Engraved upon the smooth golden surface, where seconds before there had been nothing,
were five words writtenin the thin, slanted handwriting that Harry recognized as
Dumbledore's
I open at the close.
He had barely read themwhen the words vanished again.
"I open at the close...." What's that supposed to mean?"
Hermione and Ron shook their heads, looking blank.
"I open at the close... at the close... I open at the close..."
Butno matter how often they repeated the words, withmany differentinflections,
they were unable to wring anymoremeaningfrom them.
"And the sword," said Ronfinally, when they had at last abandoned their attempts
to divinemeaningin the Snitch's inscription.
"Why did he want Harry to have the sword?"
"And why couldn't he justhave told me?"Harry said quietly."I was there, it was
right there on the wall ofhis office during all our talks last year! Ifhe wanted me to have
it, why didn't he just giveit to me then?"

He felt as thoughthe were sittingin an examination with a question he ought to
have been able to answer infront of him,his brain slow and unresponsive. Was there
somethinghe had missed in thelong talks with Dumbledore last year? Oughthe to know
whatit allmeant? Had Dumbledore expected himto understand?
"And as for this book." Said Hermione, "The Tales of Beedle the Bard ... I've
never even heard of them!"
"You've never heard of The Tales of Beedle the Bard?" said Ron incredulously.
"You're kidding, right?"
"No, I'mnot," said Hermionein surprise. "Do you know themthen?"
"Well, of course I do!"
Harrylooked up, diverted. The circumstance of Ron having read a book that
Hermione had not was unprecedented. Ron, however, looked bemused by their surprise.
"Oh come on! Allthe old kids' stories are supposed to be Beedle's aren't they?
'The Fountain of Fair Fortune' ... 'The Wizard and the Hopping Pot'... 'Babbitty Rabbitty
and her Cackling Stump'..."
"Excuse me?" said Hermione giggling."What was thelast one?"
"Come offit!" said Ron, lookingin disbelieffromHarry to Hermione. "You
must've heard of Babbitty Rabbitty ­"
"Ron, you know fullwellHarry and I were broughtup by Muggles!" said
Hermione. "We didn't hear stories like that when we were little, we heard 'Snow White
and the Seven Dwarves' and 'Cinderella' ­"
"What's that, an illness?" asked Ron.
"So these are children's stories?" asked Hermione, bending against over the runes.
"Yeah." Said Ron uncertainly."Imean, just what youhear, you know, that all
these old stories camefromBeedle. I dunno what they're likein the originalversions."
"But I wonder why Dumbledore thought I should read them?"
Something cracked downstairs.
"Probably just Charlie, now Mum's asleep, sneaking off to regrow his hair," said
Ron nervously.
"Allthe same, we should get to bed," whispered Hermione. "It wouldn't do to
oversleep tomorrow."
"No," agreed Ron."A brutal triplemurder by the bridegroom's mother might put a
bit of damper on the wedding. I'llget thelight."
And he clicked the Deluminator once more as Hermioneleft the room.

Chapter Eight
The Wedding

Three o'clock on thefollowing afternoonfound Harry, Ron, Fred and George
standing outside the great whitemarqueein the orchard, awaiting the arrival of the
weddingguests. Harry had taken a large dose of Polyjuice Potion and was now the
double of a redheaded Muggle boy fromthelocalvillage, Ottery St. Catchpole, from
whom Fred had stolen hairs using a Summoning Charm. The plan was to introduce
Harry as "Cousin Barny" and trust to the great number of Weasley relatives to
camouflage him.
Allfour of themwere clutching seating plans, so that they could help show people
to the right seats. A host of white-robed waiters had arrived an hour earlier, along with a
golden jacketed band, and all of these wizards were currently sitting a short distance
away under a tree. Harry could see a blue haze of pipe smoke issuingfromthe spot.
Behind Harry, the entrance to themarquee revealed rows and rows offragilegolden
chairs set on either side of along purple carpet. The supporting poles were entwined with
white and gold flowers. Fred and George had fastened an enormous bunch ofgolden
balloons over the exact pointwhere Billand Fleur would shortly become husband and
wife. Outside, butterflies and bees were hoveringlazily over the grass and hedgerow.
Harry was rather uncomfortable. The Muggle boy whose appearance he was affecting
was slightlyfatter than him and his dress robes felthot and tightin thefullglare of a
summer's day.
"When I getmarried," said Fred, tugging at the collar of his own robes, "I won't
be bothering with any of this nonsense. You can allwear what youlike, and I'llput a full
Body Bird Curse on Mumuntilit's all over."
"She wasn't too bad this morning, considering," said George. "Cried a bit about
Percy not beinghere, but who wants him. Oh blimey, brace yourselves, here they come,
look."
Brightly colored figures were appearing, one by one out ofnowhere at the distant
boundary of the yard. Withinminutes a procession had formed, which began to snakeits
way up through the garden toward themarquee. Exoticflowers and bewitched birds
fluttered on the witches' hats, while precious gems glittered frommany of the wizards'

cravats; a hum of excited chatter grew louder and louder, drowning the sound of the bees
as the crowd approached the tent.
"Excellent, I think I see a few veela cousins," said George, craninghis neck for a
better look. "They'llneed help understanding our English customs, I'lllook after
them...."
"Not so fast, Your Holeyness," said Fred, and darting past the gaggle ofmiddle-
aged witches headingfor the procession, he said, "Here ­ permetiez moi to assister
vous," to a pair of pretty Frenchgirls, who giggled and allowed himto escort theminside.
George was left to deal with themiddle-aged witches and Ron took charge of Mr.
Weasley's old Ministry-colleague Perkins, while a rather deaf old couplefellto Harry's
lot.
"Wotcher," said afamiliar voice as he came out of themarquee again and found
Tonks and Lupin at thefront of the queue. She had turned blondefor the occasion.
"Arthur told us you were the one with the curlyhair. Sorry aboutlast night," she added
in a whisper as Harryled themup the aisle. "The Ministry's beingvery anti-werewolf at
themuseum and we thought our presence mightnot do you anyfavors."
"It's fine, I understand," said Harry, speakingmore to Lupin than Tonks. Lupin
gave hima swift smile, but as they turned away Harry saw Lupin's face fallagaininto
lines ofmisery. He did not understand it, but there was no time to dwell on thematter.
Hagrid was causing a certain amount of disruption. Havingmisunderstood Fred's
directions as he had sat himself, not upon themagically enlarged and reinforced seat set
aside for himin the back row, but onfive sets that now resembled alarge pile of golden
matchsticks.
While Mr. Weasley repaired the damage and Hagrid shouted apologies to
anybody who would listen, Harry hurried back to the entrance to find Ron face-to-face
with a most eccentric-looking wizard. Slightly cross-eyed, with shoulder-length white
hair the texture of candyfloss, he wore a cap whose tassel dangled infront of his nose and
robes of an eye-watering shade of egg-yolk yellow. An odd symbol, rather like a
triangular eye, glistened from a golden chain around his neck.
"Xenophilius Lovegood,"he said, extending a hand to Harry, "my daughter and I
live just over the hill, so kind of the good Weasleys to invite us. But I think you know
myLuna?"he added to Ron.
"Yes," said Ron. "Isn't she withyou?"
"Shelingered in that charminglittle garden to say hello to the gnomes, such a
glorious infestation! How few wizards realize just how much we canlearnfromthe wise
little gnomes ­ or, to give themtheir correct name, the Gernumbligardensi."

"Ours do know a lot of excellent swear words," said Ron, "but I think Fred and
George taught themthose."
Heled a party of warlocks into themarquee as Luna rushed up.
"Hello, Harry!" she said.
"Er ­ myname's Barry," said Harry, flummoxed.
"Oh, have you changed that too?" she asked brightly.
"How did you know -?"
"Oh, justyour expression," she said.
Like her father, Luna was wearing bright yellow robes, which she had
accessorized with a large sunflower inher hair. Once you get over the brightness ofit all,
the general effect was quite pleasant. Atleast there were no radishes danglingfromher
ears.
Xenophilius, who was deep in conversation with an acquaintance, had missed the
exchange between Luna and Harry. Bidingthe wizard farewell, he turned to his daughter,
who held up her finger and said, "Daddy, look ­ one of the gnomes actually bitme."
"How wonderful! Gnome salivais enormously beneficial." Said Mr. Lovegood,
seizing Luna's outstretched fingers and examining the bleeding puncturemarks. "Luna,
mylove, ifyou should feel any burgeoning talent today ­ perhaps an unexpected urge to
sing opera or to declaimsin Mermish ­ do not repress it! You may have been gifted by
the Gernumblies!"
Ron, passing themin the opposite directionlet out aloud snort.
"Ron canlaugh," said Luna serenely as Harryled her and Xenophilius toward
their seats, "butmyfather has done a lot of research on Gernumblimagic."
"Really?" said Harry, who had long since decided not to challenge Luna or her
father's peculiar views. "Are you sure you don't want to put anything on that bite,
though?"
"Oh, it's fine," said Luna, suckingher finger in a dreamyfashion and looking
Harry up and down. "Youlook smart. I told Daddy most people would probably wear
dress robes, but he believes you ought to wear sun colors to a wedding, for luck, you
know."
As she drifted off after her father, Ron reappeared with an elderly witch clutching
his arm. Her beaky nose, red-rimmed eyes, and leathery pink hat gave her thelook of a
bad-tempered flamingo.
"...and your hair's much too long, Ronald, for a moment I thoughtyou were
Ginevra. Merlin's beard, whatis Xenophilius Lovegood wearing? He looks like an
omelet. And who are you?" she barked at Harry.

"Oh yeah, Auntie Muriel, thisis our cousin Barny."
"Another Weasley? You breed like gnomes. Isn't Harry Potter here? I was
hoping to meet him. I thoughthe was a friend ofyours, Ronald, or have you merely been
boasting?"
"No ­ he couldn't come ­"
"Hmm. Made an excuse, did he? Not as gormless as helooks in press
photographs, then. I've just been instructing the bride on how best to wear my tiara," she
shouted at Harry. "Goblin-made, you know, and been inmyfamilyfor centuries. She's a
good-lookinggirl, but still­ French. Well, well,find me a good seat, Ronald, I am a
hundred and seven and I oughtnot to be on myfeet too long."
Ron gave Harry a meaningfullook as he passed and did not reappear for some
time. When next theymet at the entrance, Harry had shown a dozen more people to their
places. The Marquee was nearlyfullnow and for thefirst time there was no queue
outside.
"Nightmare, Murielis," said Ron, moppinghisforehead on his sleeve. "She used
to comefor Christmas every year, then, thank God, she took offense because Fred and
George set off a Dungbomb under her chair at diner. Dad always says she'llhave written
them out ofher will­ like they care, they're going to end up richer than anyoneinthe
family, rate they're going... Wow,"he added, blinking rather rapidly as Hermione came
hurrying toward them. "Youlook great!"
"Always the tone of surprise," said Hermione, though she smiled. She was
wearing afloaty, lilac-colored dress withmatchinghighheels; her hair was sleek and
shiny. "Your Great-Aunt Muriel doesn't agree, I justmet her upstairs while she was
giving Fleur the tiara. She said, `Oh dear, is this the Muggle-born?' and then, `Bad
posture and skinny ankles.'"
"Don't take it personally, she's rude to everyone," said Ron.
"Talking about Muriel?"inquired George, reemergingfromthemarquee with
Fred. "Yeah, she's just told memy ears arelopsided. Old bat. I wish old Uncle Bilius
was stillwithus, though;he was a rightlaugh at weddings."
"Wasn't he the one who saw a Grim and died twenty-four hours later?" asked
Hermione.
"Well, yeah, he went a bit odd toward the end," conceded George.
"But before he wentloopy he was thelife and soul of the party," said Fred. "He
used to down an entire bottle offirewhisky, then run onto the dance floor, hoistup his
robes, and start pulling bunches offlowers out ofhis ­"
"Yes, he sounds a real charmer," said Hermione, while Harry roared withlaughter.

"Never married, for some reason," said Ron.
"You amazeme," said Hermione.
They were alllaughing so much that none of themnoticed thelatecomer, a dark-
haired youngman with a large, curved nose and thick black eyebrows, untilhe held out
hisinvitation to Ron and said, withhis eyes on Hermione, "You look vunderful."
"Viktor!" she shrieked, and dropped her small beaded bag, which made a loud
thump quite disproportionate to its size. As she scrambled, blushing, to pick itup, she
said "I didn't know you were ­ goodness ­ it's lovely to see ­ how are you?"
Ron's ears had turned bright red again. After glancing at Krum's invitation as if
he did not believe a word ofit, he said, much too loudly, "how come you're here?"
"Fleur invited me," said Krum, eyebrows raised.
Harry, who had no grudge against Krum, shook hands; then feeling thatit would
be prudent to remove KrumfromRon's vicinity, offered to show himhis seat.
"Your friend is not pleased to see me," said Krum, as they entered the now
packed marquee. "Or is he a relative?"he added with a glance at Harry's red curlyhair.
"Cousin."Harrymuttered, but Krumwas not reallylistening. His appearance was
causing a stir, particularly amongst the veela cousins:He was, after all, afamous
Quidditch player. While people were stillcraning their necks to get a good look at him,
Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George came hurrying down the aisle.
"Time to sit down," Fred told Harry, "or we're going to get run over by the
bride."
Harry, Ron and Hermione took their seats in the second row behind Fred and
George. Hermionelooked rather pink and Ron's ears were stillscarlet. After a few
moments hemuttered to Harry, "Did you see he's grown a stupid little beard?"
Harry gave a noncommittalgrunt.
A sense of jittery anticipationhad filled the warm tent, the generalmurmuring
broken by occasional spurts of excited laughter. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley strolled up the
aisle, smiling and waving at relatives; Mrs. Weasley was wearing a brand-new set of
amethyst colored robes with a matchinghat.
A momentlater Bill and Charlie stood up at thefront of themarquee, both
wearing dress robes, withlarger white roses in their buttonholes; Fred wolf-whistled and
there was an outbreak of gigglingfrom the veela cousins. Then the crowd fellsilent as
music swelled from what seemed to be the golden balloons.
"Ooooh!" said Hermione, swiveling around inher seat to look at the entrance.
A great collective sighissued from the assembled witches and wizards as
Monsieur Delacour and Fleur came walkingup the aisle, Fleur gliding, Monsieur

Delacour bouncing and beaming. Fleur was wearing a very simple white dress and
seemed to be emitting a strong, silvery glow. Whileher radiance usually dimmed
everyone else by comparison, today it beautified everybody itfellupon. Ginny and
Gabrielle, both wearinggolden dresses, looked even prettier than usual and once Fleur
had reached for him, Billdid notlook as thoughhehad ever met FenritGreyback.
"Ladies and gentlemen," said a slightly singsongvoice, and with a slight shock,
Harry saw the same small, tufty-hired wizard who had presided at Dumbledore's funeral,
now standinginfront of Billand Fleur. "We are gathered here today to celebrate the
union of two faithfulsouls..."
"Yes, my tiara set off the whole thingnicely," said Auntie Murielin a rather
carrying whisper. "But I must say, Ginevra's dress is far too low cut."
Ginnyglanced around, grinning, winked at Harry, then quicklyfaced thefront
again. Harry's mind wandered along way from themarquee, back to the afternoons
spent alone with Ginnyinlonely parts of the schoolgrounds. They seemed so long ago;
they had always seemed too good to be true, as thoughhehad been stealing shininghours
from a normal person's life, a person without a lightning-shaped scar on his forehead....
"Do you, WilliamArthur, take Fleur Isabelle...?"
In thefront row, Mrs. Weasley and Madame Delacour were both sobbing quietly
into scraps of lace. Trumpetlike sounds fromthe back of themarquee told everyone that
Hagrid had taken out one of his own tablecloth-sized handkerchiefs. Hermione turned
around and beamed at Harry;her eyes too were fullof tears.
"...then I declare you bonded for life."
The tufty-haired wizard waved hishand high over the heads of Billand Fleur and
a shower of silver stars fellupon them, spiraling around their now entwined figures. As
Fred and Georgeled a round of applause, the golden balloons overhead burst. Birds of
paradise and tinygolden bells flew and floated out of them, adding their songs and
chimes to the din.
"Ladies and gentlemen!" called the tufty-haired wizard. "Ifyou would please
stand up!"
They all did so, Auntie Murielgrumbling audibly;he waved his wand again. The
scars on which theyhad been sitting rose gracefullyinto the air as the canvas walls of the
marquee vanished, so that they stood beneath a canopy supported by golden poles, with
a
glorious view of the sunlit orchard and surrounding countryside. Next, a pool of molten
gold spread from the center of the tent to form a gleaming dance floor; the hovering
chairs grouped themselves around small, white-clothed tables, which allfloated

gracefully back to earth round it, and thegolden-jacketed hand trooped toward a
podium.
"Smooth," said Ron approvingly as the waiters popped up on allsides, some
hearing silver trays of pumpkin juice, butterbeer, and firewhisky, others tottering piles of
tarts and sandwiches.
"We should go and congratulate them!"said Hermione, standing on tiptoe to see
the place where Billand Fleur had vanished amid a crowd of well-wishers.
"We'llhave timelater," shrugged Ron, snatching three butterbeers from a passing
tray and handing one to Harry. "Hermione, cop hold, let's grab a table.... Not there!
Nowhere near Muriel ­"
Ronled the way across the empty dance floor, glancingleft and right as he went;
Harryfelt sure thathe was keeping an eye outfor Krum. By the time they had reached
the other side of themarquee, most of the tables were occupied:The emptiest was the
one
where Luna sat alone.
"Allrightif we joinyou?" asked Ron.
"Oh yes," she said happily. "Daddy's just gone to give Billand Fleur our
present."
"Whatisit, alifetime's supply of Gurdyroots?" asked Ron.
Hermione aimed a kick at himunder the table, but caught Harryinstead. Eyes
wateringin pain, Harrylost track of the conversationfor a few moments.
The band had begun to play, Billand Fleur took to the dance floor first, to great
applause; after a while, Mr. Weasleyled Madame Delacour onto thefloor, followed by
Mr. Weasley and Fleur's father.
"I like this song," said Luna, swayingintime to the waltzlike tune, and a few
seconds later she stood up and glided onto the dance floor, where she revolved on the
spot, quite alone, eyes closed and wavingher arms.
"She's great isn't she?" said Ron admiringly. "Always good value."
But the smilevanished fromhis face at once: Viktor Krumhad dropped into
Luna's vacant seat. Hermionelooked pleasurablyflustered but this time Krumhad not
come to complimenther. With a scowlon hisface he said, "Who is thatmanin the
yellow?"
"That's Xenophilius Lovegood, he's thefather of afriend of ours," said Ron. His
pugnacious toneindicated that they were not about to laugh at Xenophilius, despite the
clear provocation. "Come and dance," he added abruptly to Hermione.
She looked taken aback, but pleased too, and got up. They vanished together into

the growing throng on the dance floor.
"Ah, they are together now?" asked Krum,momentarily distracted.
"Er ­ sort of," said Harry.
"Who are you?" Krum asked.
"Barny Weasley."
They shook hands.
"You, Barny ­ you know thisman Lovegood well?"
"No, I onlymet himtoday. Why?"
Krumglowered over the top of his drink, watching Xenophilius, who was chatting
to severalwarlocks on the other side of the dance floor.
"Because," said Krum, "Ifhe vus not a guest of Fleur's I vould dud him, here and
now, for veering thatfilthy signupon his chest."
"Sign?" said Harry, looking over at Xenophilius too. The strange triangular eye
was gleaming on his chest. "Why? What's wrong withit?"
"Grindelvald. Thatis Grindelvald's sign."
"Grindelwald... the Dark wizard Dumbledore defeated?"
"Exactly."
Krum's jaw muscles worked as ifhe were chewing, then he said, "Grindelvald
killed many people, mygrandfather, for instance. Of course, he vos never powerfulin
this country, they said hefeared Dumbledore ­ and rightly, seeinghow he vos finished.
But this" ­ he pointed a finger at Xenophilius ­ "thisis his symbol, I recognized it at
vunce:Grindelvald carved itinto a vall at Durmstrangver he vos a pupilthere. Some
idiots copied it onto their books and clothes thinking to shock, make themselves
impressive ­ untilthose of us who had lostfamilymembers to Grindelvald taught them
better."
Krum cracked his knuckles menacinglyand glowered at Xenophilius. Harry felt
perplexed. It seemed incrediblyunlikelythat Luna's father was a supporter of the Dark
Arts, and nobody else in the tent seemed to have recognized the triangular, finlike shape.
"Are you ­ er ­ quite sureit's Grindelwald's -?"
"I amnotmistaken," said Krum coldly. "I walked past that signfor severalyears,
I know itvell."
"Well, there's a chance," said Harry, "that Xenophilius doesn't actually know
what the symbolmeans, the Lovegoods are quite... unusual. He could have easily picked
itup somewhere and think it's a cross section of the head of a Crumple-Horned
Snorkack
or something."

"The cross section of a vot?"
"Well, I don't know what they are, but apparentlyhe and his daughter go on
holidaylookingfor them...."
Harry felthe was doing a bad job explainingLuna and her father.
"That's her,"he said, pointing at Luna, who was stilldancing alone, wavingher
arms around her head like someone attempting to beat offmidges.
"Vyis she doing that?" asked Krum.
"Probably trying to get rid of a Wrackspurt," said Harry, who recognized the
symptoms.
Krum did not seem to know whether or not Harry was makingfun of him. He
drew his hand frominside his robe and tapped itmenacingly on his thighs; sparks flew
out of the end.
"Gregorovitch!" said Harryloudly, and Krumstarted, but Harry was too excited
to care; thememory had come back to himat the sight of Krum's wand: Ollivander
takingit and examiningit carefully before the Triwizard Tournament.
"Vot about him?" asked Krum suspiciously.
"He's a wandmaker!"
"I know that," said Krum.
"Hemade your wand! That's why I thought ­ Quidditch ­"
Krumwas lookingmore and more suspicious.
"How do you know Gregorovitch made my wand?"
"I...I read it somewhere, I think," said Harry. "In a ­ afan magazine,"he
improvised wildly and Krumlooked mollified.
"I had not realized I ever discussed my vand withfans,"he said.
"So... er... where is Gregorowitch these days?"
Krumlooked puzzled.
"He retired severalyears ago. I was one of thelast to purchase a Gregorovitch
vand. They are the best ­although I know, of course, that your Britons set much store by
Ollivander."
Harry did not answer. He pretended to watch the dancers, like Krum, buthe was
thinkinghard. So Voldemort was lookingfor a celebrated wandmaker and Harry did not
have to search far for a reason. It was surely because of what Harry' wand had done on
the night that Voldemort pursued him across the skies. The holly and phoenixfeather
wand had conquered the borrowed wand, some thing that Ollivander had not anticipated
or understood. Would Gregorowitch know better? Was he trulymore skilled than
Ollivander, did he know secrets of wands that Ollivander did not?

"This girlisverynice-looking," Krumsaid, recalling Harry to his surroundings.
Krumwas pointing at Ginny, who had just joined Luna. "Sheis also a relative of yours?"
"Yeah," said Harry, suddenlyirritated, "and she's seeing someone. Jealous type.
Big bloke. You wouldn't want to cross him."
Krumgrunted.
"Vot,"he said, draininghis goblet and getting to his feet again, "is the point of
being aninternational Quidditch player ifallthe good-lookinggirls are taken?"
And he strode offleaving Harry to take a sandwichfrom a passing waiter and
make his way around the edge of the crowded dance floor. He wanted to find Ron, to
tell
himabout Gregorovitch, but he was dancing with Hermione outin themiddle of thefloor.
Harryleaned up against one of the golden pillars and watched Ginny, who was now
dancing with Fred and George's friend Lee Jordan, tryingnot to feel resentful about the
promise he had given Ron.
He had never been to a wedding before, so he could not judge how Wizarding
celebrations differed from Muggle ones, thoughhe was pretty sure that thelatter would
notinvolve a wedding cake topped with two model phoenixes that took flight when the
cake was cut, or bottles of champagne thatfloated unsupported through the crowd. As
the evening drew in, and moths began to swoop under the canopy, now litwithfloating
golden lanterns, the revelry becamemore and more uncontained. Fred and George had
long since disappeared into the darkness with a pair of Fleur's cousins; Charlie, Hagrid,
and a squat wizard in a purple porkpie hat were singing"Odo the Hero"in the corner.
Wandering through the crowd so as to escape a drunken uncle of Ron's who
seemed unsure whether or not Harry was his son, Harry spotted an old wizard sitting
alone at a table. His cloud of white hair made himlook rather like an aged dandelion
clock and was topped by a moth-eaten fez. He was vaguelyfamiliar:Rackinghis brains,
Harry suddenly realized that this was Elphias Doge, member of the Order of the Phoenix
and the writer of Dumbledore's obituary.
Harry approached him.
"May I sit down?"
"Of course, of course," said Doge; he had a rather high-pitched, wheezyvoice.
Harry leaned in.
"Mr. Doge, I'mHarry Potter."
Doge gasped.
"My dear boy! Arthur told me you were here, disguised.... I am so glad, so
honored!"

In a flutter of nervous pleasure Doge poured Harry a goblet of champagne.
"I thought of writing to you,"he whispered, "after Dumbledore... the shock...
and for you, I am sure..."
Doge's tiny eyes filled with sudden tears.
"I saw the obituaryyou wrote for the Daily Prophet," said Harry. "I didn't realize
you knew Professor Dumbledore so well."
"As well as anyone," said Doge, dabbinghis eyes with a napkin. "Certainly I
knew himlongest, ifyou don't count Aberforth ­ and somehow, people never do seem to
count Aberforth."
"Speaking of the Daily Prophet... I don't know whether you saw, Mr. Doge -?"
"Oh, please callme Elphias, dear boy."
"Elphias, I don't know whether you saw theinterview Rita Skeeter gave about
Dumbledore?"
Doge's faceflooded with angry color.
"Oh yes, Harry, I saw it. That woman, or vulturemight be a more accurate term,
positively pestered me to talk to her, I amashamed to say that I became rather rude,
called her an interfering trout, which resulted, as you myhave seen, in aspersions cast
uponmy sanity."
"Well,in thatinterview," Harry went on, "Rita Skeeter hinted that Professor
Dumbledore was involved in the Dark Arts when he was young."
"Don't believe a word ofit!" said Doge at once. "Not a word, Harry! Let nothing
tarnishyour memories of Albus Dumbledore!"
Harry looked into Doge's earnest, pained face, and felt, not reassured, but
frustrated. Did Doge really think itwas that easy, that Harry could simply choose not to
believe? Didn't Doge understand Harry's need to be sure, to know everything?"
Perhaps Doge suspected Harry's feelings, for helooked concerned and hurried on,
"Harry, Rita Skeeter is a dreadful ­"
But he was interrupted by a shrillcackle.
"Rita Skeeter? Oh, I love her, always read her!"
Harry and Dogelooked up to see Auntie Muriel standing there, the plumes
dancing on her hair, a goblet of champagneinher hand. "She's written a book about
Dumbledore, you know!"
"Hello, Muriel," said Doge, "Yes, we were just discussing ­"
"You there! Giveme your chair, I'm a hundred and seven!"
Another redheaded Weasley cousin jumped offhis seat, looking alarmed, and
Auntie Murielswungit around with surprising strength and plopped herself down uponit

between Doge and Harry.
"Hello again, Barry or whatever your nameis," she said to Harry, "Now what
were you saying about Rita Skeeter, Elphias? You know, she's written a biography of
Dumbledore? I can't wait to read it. I must remember to place an order at Flourish and
Blotts!"
Dogelooked stiff and solemn at this but Auntie Muriel drained her goblet and
clicked her bonyfingers at a passing waiter for a replacement. She took another large
gulp of champagne, belched and then said, "There's no need to look like a pair ofstuffed
frogs! Before he became so respected and respectable and allthat tosh, there were some
mightyfunny rumors about Albus!"
"Ill-informed sniping," said Doge, turning radish-colored again.
"You would say that, Elphias," cackled Auntie Muriel. "I noticed how you skated
over the sticky patches in that obituary ofyours!"
"I'm sorry you think so," said Doge, more coldly still. "I assure you I was writing
fromthe heart."
"Oh, we all know you worshipped Dumbledore; I daresay you'llstillthink he was
a saint evenifit does turn out that he did away withhis Squib sister!"
"Muriel!" exclaimed Doge.
A chillthat had nothing to do with theiced champagne was stealing through
Harry's chest.
"What do youmean?"he asked Muriel."Who said his sister was a Squib? I
thought she was ill?"
"Thoughtwrong, then, didn't you, Barry!" said Auntie Muriel, looking delighted
at the effect she had produced. "Anyway, how could you expect to know anything about
it! IT allhappened years and years before you were even thought of, my dear, and the
truthis that those ofus who were alive then never knew what reallyhappened. That's
why I can't wait to find out what Skeeter's unearthed! Dumbledore kept that sister ofhis
quietfor a long time!"
"Untrue!" wheezed Doge, "Absolutelyuntrue!"
"He never told me his sister as a Squib," said Harry, without thinking, stillcold
inside.
"And why on earth would he tellyou?" screeched Muriel, swaying alittleinher
seat as she attempted to focus upon Harry.
"The reason Albus never spoke about Ariana," began Elphias in a voice stiff with
emotion, "is, I should have thought, quite clear. He was so devastated by her death ­"
"Why did nobody ever see her, Elphias?" squawked Muriel, "Why did half ofus

never even know she existed, untilthey carried the coffin out of the house and held a
funeralfor her? Where was saintly Albus whileAriana was locked in the cellar? Off
being brilliant at Hogwarts, and never mind what was going oninhis own house!"
"What d'youmean, locked in the cellar?" asked Harry. "Whatis this?"
Dogelooked wretched. Auntie Murielcackled again and answered Harry.
"Dumbledore's mother was a terrifyingwoman, simply terrifying. Muggle-born,
though I heard she pretended otherwise-"
"She never pretended anything of the sort! Kendra was a fine woman," whispered
Dogemiserably, but Auntie Murielignored him.
"- proud and very domineering, the sort of witch who would have been mortified
to produce a Squib-"
"Ariana was not a Squib!" wheezed Doge.
"So you say, Elphias, but explain, then, why she never attended Hogwarts!" said
Auntie Muriel. She turned back to Harry. "In our day, Squibs were often hushed up,
thought to take it to the extreme of actuallyimprisoning a littlegirlin the house and
pretending she didn't exist ­"
"I tellyou, that's not what happened!" said Doge, but Auntie Muriel
steamrollered on, stilladdressing Harry.
Squibs were usually shipped off to Muggle schools and encouraged to integrate
into the Muggle community... much kinder than trying to find them a place in the
Wizarding world, where theymust always be second class, but naturally Kendra
Dumbledore wouldn't have dreamed of lettingher daughter go to a Muggle school ­"
"Ariana was delicate!" said Doge desperately. "Her health was always too poor to
permither ­"
"- to permither to leave the house?" cackled Muriel. "And yet she was never
taken to St. Mungo's and no Healer was ever summoned to see her!"
"Really, Muriel, how can you possibly know whether ­"
"For your information, Elphias, my cousinLancelot was a Healer at St. Mungo's
at the time, and he told myfamilyin strictest confidence that Ariana had never been seen
there. Allmost suspicious, Lancelot thought!"
Dogelooked to be on the verge of tears. Auntie Muriel, who seemed to be
enjoyingherselfhugely, snapped her fingers for more champagne. Numbly Harry
thought of how the Dursleys had once shuthimup, locked him away, kept him out of
sight, allfor the crime of being a wizard. Had Dumbledore's sister suffered the samefate
inreverse:imprisoned for her lack ofmagic? And had Dumbledore trulylefther to her
fate whilehe went off to Hogwarts to prove himself brilliant and talented?

"Now, if Kendra hadn't died first," Murielresumed, "I'd have said thatitwas she
who finished off Ariana ­"
"How can you, Muriel!"groaned Doge. "A mother killher own daughter? Think
what you're saying!"
"If themother in question was capable ofimprisoningher daughter for years on
end, whynot?" shrugged Auntie Muriel. "But as I say, it doesn'tfit, because Kendra died
before Ariana ­ of what, nobody ever seemed sure-"
"Yes, Arianamighthavemade a desperate bid for freedom and killed Kendra in
the struggle," said Auntie Murielthoughtfully. "Shake your head allyoulike, Elphias.
You were at Ariana's funeral, were you not?"
"Yes I was," said Doge, through tremblinglips," and a more desperately sad
occasion I cannot remember. Albus was heartbroken-"
"His heart wasn't the only thing. Didn't Aberforth break Albus' nose halfway
through the service?"
If Doge had looked horrified before this, it was nothing to how helooked now.
Murielmighthave stabbed him. She cackled loudly and took another swig of champagne,
which dribbled down her chin.
"How do you -?" croaked Doge.
"My mother was friendly with old Bathilda Bagshot," said Auntie Murielhappily.
"Bathilda described the whole thing to mother while I was listening at the door. A
coffin-side brawl. The way Bathilda told it, Aberforth shouted thatit was allAlbus' fault
that Ariana was dead and then punched himin theface. According to Bathilda, Albus did
not even defend himself, and that's odd enoughinitself. Albus could have destroyed
Aberforthin a duelwith both hands tied behind his back.
Muriel swigged yetmore champagne. The recitation of those old scandals
seemed to elate her as much as they horrified Doge. Harry did not know what to think,
what to believe. He wanted the truth and yet allDoge did was sit there and bleatfeebly
that Ariana had been ill. Harry could hardly believe that Dumbledore would not have
intervened if such cruelty was happening inside his own house, and yet there was
undoubtedly something odd about the story.
"And I'lltellyou something else," Murielsaid, hiccupping slightly as shelowered
her goblet. "I think Bathilda has spilled the beans to Rita Skeeter. Allthose hintsin
Skeeter's interview about an important source close to the Dumbledores ­ goodness
knows she was there allthrough the Ariana business, and it would fit!"
"Bathilda, would never talk to Rita Skeeter!"whispered Doge.
"Bathilda Bagshot?"Harry said. "The author of A History of Magic?"

The name was printed on thefront of one of Harry's textbooks, though admittedly
not one of the ones he had read more attentively.
"Yes," said Doge, clutching at Harry's questionlike a drowningman at a lifeheir.
"Amost gifted magicalhistorian and an old friend of Albus's."
"Quite gaga these days, I've heard," said Auntie Muriel cheerfully.
"If thatis so, itis evenmore dishonorable for Skeeter to have taken advantage of
her," said Doge, "and no reliance can be placed on anything Bathildamay have said!"
"Oh, there are ways of bringing back memories, and I'm sure Rita Skeeter knows
them all," said Auntie Muriel"But evenifBathilda's completely cuckoo, I'm sure she'd
stillhave old photographs, maybe evenletters. She knew the Dumbledores for years....
Wellworth a trip to Godric's Hollow, I'd have thought."
Harry, who had been taking a sip of butterbeer, choked. Doge banged himon the
back as Harry coughed, looking at Auntie Muriel through streaming eyes. Once he had
control ofhis voice again, he asked, "Bathilda Bagshotlives in Godric's Hollow?"
"Oh yes, she's been there forever! The Dumbledores moved there after Percival
was imprisoned, and she was their neighbor."
"The Dumbledores lived in Godric's Hollows?"
"Yes, Barry, that's what I just said," said Auntie Murieltestily.
Harry felt drained, empty. Never once, in sixyears, had Dumbledore told Harry
that they had bothlived and lostloved ones in Godric's Hollow. Why? Were Lily and
James buried close to Dumbledore's mother and sister? Had Dumbledore visited their
graves, perhaps walked past Lily's and James's to do so? And he had never once told
Harry ... never bothered to say...
And whyitwas so important, Harry could not explain even to himself,yet hefelt
ithad been tantamount to a lienot to tellhimthat theyhad this place and these
experiences in common. He stared ahead of him, barelynoticing what was going on
around him, and did not realize that Hermione had appeared out of the crowd untilshe
drew up a chair beside him.
"I simply can't dance anymore," she panted, slipping of one of her shoes and
rubbing the sole ofher foot. "Ron's gonelooking to find more butterbeers. It's a bit odd.
I've just seen Viktor storming away fromLuna's father, itlooked like they'd been
arguing ­" She dropped her voice, staring at him. "Harry, are you okay?"
Harry did not know where to begin, butit did notmatter, at thatmoment,
somethinglarge and silver camefalling through the canopy over the dancefloor.
Graceful and gleaming, thelynxlanded lightlyin themiddle of the astonished dancers.
Heads turned, as those nearestitfroze absurdlyinmid-dance. Then the Patronus's mouth

opened wide and it spoke in theloud, deep, slow voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt.
"The Ministry has fallen. Scrimgeour is dead. They are coming."


Chapter Nine
A Place to Hide

Everything seemed fuzzy, slow. Harry and Hermione jumped to theirfeet and
drew their wands. Many people were onlyjust realizing that something strange had
happened; heads were stillturning toward the silver cat as itvanished. Silence spread
outward in cold ripples from the place where the Patronus had landed. Then somebody
screamed.
Harry and Hermione threw themselves into the panicking crowd. Guests were
sprintingin all directions;many were Disapparating; the protective enchantments around
the Burrow had broken.
"Ron!"Hermione cried. "Ron, where are you?"
As they pushed their way across the dance floor, Harry saw cloaked and masked
figures appearingin the crowd; thenhe saw Lupin and Tonks, their wands raised, and
heard both of them shout, "Protego!", a cry that was echoed on allsides ­
"Ron! Ron!" Hermione called, half sobbing as she and Harry were buffered by
terrified guests:Harry seized her hand to make sure they weren't separated as a streak of
light whizzed over their heads, whether a protective charm or somethingmore sinister he
did not know ­
And then Ron was there. He caughthold of Hermione's free arm, and Harryfelt
her turn on the spot; sight and sound were extinguished as darkness pressed inupon him;
allhe could feelwas Hermione's hand as he was squeezed through space and time, away
fromthe Burrow, away from the descending Death Eaters, away, perhaps, from
Voldemort himself. . . .
"Where are we?" said Ron's voice.
Harry opened his eyes. For a momenthe thought they had notleft the wedding
after all; They stillseemed to be surrounded by people.
"Tottenham Court Road," panted Hermione. "Walk, just walk, we need to find
somewhere for you to change."
Harry did as she asked. They half walked, half ran up the wide dark street
thronged withlate-night revelers and lined with closed shops, stars twinkling above them.
A double-decker bus rumbled by and a group of merry pub-goers ogled them as they

passed; Harry and Ron were stillwearing dress robes.
"Hermione, we haven't got anything to changeinto," Ron told her, as a young
woman burstinto raucous giggles at the sight of him.
"Why didn't I make sure I had the Invisibility Cloak withme?" said Harry,
inwardly cursinghis own stupidity. "Alllast year I kept it on me and ­"
"It's okay, I've got the Cloak, I've got clothes for both ofyou," said Hermione,
"Just try and act naturallyuntil­ this willdo."
She led them down a side street, theninto the shelter of a shadowy alleyway.
"Whenyou say you've got the Cloak, and clothes . . ." said Harry, frowning at
Hermione, who was carryingnothing except her smallbeaded handbag, in which she was
now rummaging.
"Yes, they're here," said Hermione, and to Harry and Ron's utter astonishment,
she pulled out a pair of jeans, a sweatshirt, somemaroon socks, and finally the silvery
Invisibility Cloak.
"How the ruddy hell­ ?"
"Undetectable Extension Charm," said Hermione. "Tricky, but I think I've doneit
okay; anyway, I managed to fit everything we need inhere." She gave thefragile-looking
bag a little shake and it echoed like a cargo hold as a number of heavy objects rolled
around inside it. "Oh, damn, that'll be the books," she said, peeringinto it, "and I had
them allstacked by subject. . . . Oh well. . . . Harry, you'd better take the Invisibility
Cloak. Ron, hurry up and change. . . ."
"When did you do allthis?" Harry asked as Ron stripped offhis robes.
"I told you at the Burrow, I've had the essentials packed for days, you know, in
case we needed to make a quick getaway. I packed your rucksack this morning, Harry,
after you changed, and putitinhere. . . . I justhad afeeling. . . ."
"You're amazing, you are," said Ron, handingher his bundled-up robes.
"Thank you," said Hermione, managinga smallsmile as she pushed the robes into
the bag. "Please, Harry, get that Cloak on!"
Harry threw his Invisibility Cloak around his shoulders and pulled itup over his
head, vanishingfrom sight. He was only just beginning to appreciate what had happened.
"The others ­ everybody at the wedding ­"
"We can't worry about that now," whispered Hermione. "It's you they're after,
Harry, and we'lljust put everyonein evenmore danger by going back."
"She's right," said Ron, who seemed to know that Harry was about to argue, even
ifhe could not see his face. "Most of the Order was there, they'lllook after everyone."
Harry nodded, then remembered that they could not see him, and said, "Yeah."

Buthe thought of Ginny, and fear bubbled like acid inhis stomach.
"Come on, I think we ought to keep moving,"said Hermione.
Theymoved back up the side street and onto themain road again, where a group
ofmen on the opposite side was singingand weaving across the pavement.
"Just as a matter ofinterest, why Tottenham Court Road?" Ron asked Hermione.
"I've no idea, it just popped into myhead, but I'm sure we're safer outin the
Muggle world, it's not where they'llexpect us to be."
"True," said Ron, looking around, "but don't youfeel a bit ­ exposed?"
"Where else is there?" asked Hermione, cringing as themen on the other side of
the road started wolf-whistling at her. "We can hardly book rooms at the Leaky
Cauldron,
can we? And Grimmauld Place is outifSnape can getin there. . . . I suppose we could
try
my parents' home, though I think there's a chance they might check there. . . . Oh, I wish
they'd shutup!"
"Allright, darling?" the drunkest of the men on the other pavement was yelling.
"Fancy a drink? Ditch ginger and come and have a pint!"
"Let's sit down somewhere,"Hermione said hastily as Ron opened hismouth to
shout back across the road. "Look, this willdo, inhere!"
It was a small and shabby all-night café. A lightlayer ofgrease lay on allthe
Formica-topped tables, butit was atleast empty. Harry slipped into a boothfirst and Ron
sat next to him opposite Hermione, who had her back to the entrance and did notlike it:
She glanced over her shoulder so frequently she appeared to have a twitch. Harry did not
like being stationary; walkinghad given theillusion that they had a goal. Beneath the
Cloak he could feel thelast vestiges of Polyjuiceleavinghim, his hands returning to their
usuallength and shape. He pulled hisglasses out ofhis pocket and put them on again.
After aminute or two, Ron said, "You know, we're notfar from the Leaky
Cauldron here, it's onlyin Charing Cross ­"
"Ron, we can't!" said Hermione at once.
"Not to stay there, but to find out what's going on!"
"We know what's going on! Voldemort's taken over the Ministry, what else do
we need to know?"
"Okay, okay, it was just anidea!"
They relapsed into a prickly silence. The gum-chewing waitress shuffled over and
Hermione ordered two cappuccinos:As Harry was invisible, it would havelooked odd to
order himone. A pair of burly workmen entered the café and squeezed into the next

booth. Hermione dropped her voice to a whisper.
"I say we find a quiet place to Disapparate and head for the countryside. Once
we're there, we could send a message to the Order."
"Can you do that talking Patronus thing, then?" asked Ron.
"I've been practicing and I think so," said Hermione.
"Well, as long as it doesn't get theminto trouble, though theymight've been
arrested already. God, that's revolting,"Ron added after one sip of thefoamy, grayish
coffee. The waitress had heard; she shot Ron a nasty look as she shuffled off to take the
new customers' orders. Thelarger of the two workmen, who was blond and quite huge,
now that Harry came to look at him, waved her away. She stared, affronted.
"Let's get going, then, I don't want to drink thismuck," said Ron. "Hermione,
have you got Mugglemoney to pay for this?"
"Yes, I took out allmy Building Society savings before I came to the Burrow. I'll
bet allthe changeis at the bottom," sighed Hermione, reachingfor her beaded bag.
The two workmen made identicalmovements, and Harry mirrored themwithout
conscious thought:Allthree of them drew their wands. Ron, a few seconds late in
realizingwhat was going on, lunged across the table, pushing Hermione sideways onto
her bench. Theforce of the Death Eaters' spells shattered the tiled wallwhere Ron's head
had just been, as Harry, stillinvisible, yelled, "Stupefy!"
The great blond Death Eater was hitin theface by a jet of red light:He slumped
sideways, unconscious. His companion, unable to see who had cast the spell,fired
another at Ron: Shining black ropes flewfromhis wand-tip and bound Ron head to foot ­
the waitress screamed and ran for the door ­ Harry sent another Stunning Spell at the
Death Eater with the twisted face who had tied up Ron, but the spellmissed, rebounded
on the window, and hit the waitress, who collapsed infront of the door.
"Expulso!" bellowed the Death Eater, and the table behind which Harry was
standing blew up:Theforce of the explosion slammed himinto the wall and hefelt his
wand leave hishand as the Cloak slipped offhim.
"Petrificus Totalus!" screamed Hermionefrom out of sight, and the Death Eater
fellforward like a statue to land with a crunching thud on themess of broken china, table,
and coffee. Hermione crawled outfromunderneath the bench, shaking bits of glass
ashtray out ofher hair and trembling allover.
"D-diffindo," she said, pointingher wand at Ron, who roared in pain as she
slashed open the knee of his jeans, leaving a deep cut. "Oh, I'mso sorry, Ron, myhand's
shaking! Diffindo!"
The severed ropes fellaway. Ron got to his feet, shakinghis arms to regain

feelingin them. Harry picked up his wand and climbed over allthe debris to where the
large blond Death Eater was sprawled across the bench.
"I should've recognized him, he was there the night Dumbledore died,"he said.
He turned over the darker Death Eater withhis foot; theman's eyes moved rapidly
between Harry, Ron and Hermione.
"That's Dolohov," said Ron. "I recognize himfrom the old wanted posters. I think
the big one's Thorfinn Rowle."
"Never mind what they're called!" said Hermione alittle hysterically."How did
theyfind us? What are we going to do?"
Somehow her panic seemed to clear Harry's head.
"Lock the door,"he told her, "and Ron, turn out thelights."
Helooked down at the paralyzed Dolohov, thinkingfast as thelock clicked and
Ron used the Deluminator to plunge the caféinto darkness. Harry could hear the men
who had jeered at Hermione earlier, yelling at another girlin the distance.
"What are we going to do with them?" Ron whispered to Harry through the dark;
then, even more quietly, "Killthem? They'd killus. They had a good go just now."
Hermione shuddered and took a step backward. Harry shook his head.
"We just need to wipe their memories," said Harry. "It's better like that, it'll
throw them off the scent. If we killed themit'd be obvious we were here."
"You're the boss," said Ron, sounding profoundly relieved. "But I've never down
a Memory Charm."
"Nor have I," said Hermione, "but I know the theory."
She took a deep, calming breath, then pointed her wand at Dolohov's forehead
and said, "Obliviate."
At once, Dolohov's eyes became unfocused and dreamy.
"Brilliant!" said Harry, clappingher on the back. "Take care of the other one and
the waitress while Ron and I clear up."
"Clear up?" said Ron, looking around at the partly destroyed café. "Why?"
"Don't you think they might wonder what's happened if they wake up and find
themselves in a place thatlooks likeit's just been bombed?"
"Oh right, yeah . . ."
Ron struggled for amoment beforemanaging to extract his wand fromhis pocket.
"It's no wonder I can'tgetit out, Hermione, you packed my old jeans, they're
tight."
"Oh, I'm so sorry,"hissed Hermione, and as she dragged the waitress out of sight
of the windows, Harry heard her mutter a suggestion as to where Ron could stick his

wand instead.
Once the café was restored to its previous condition, they heaved the Death Eaters
back into their booth and propped themup facing each other. "Buthow did they find us?"
Hermione asked, lookingfrom oneinert man to the other. "How did they know where we
were?"
She turned to Harry.
"You ­ you don't think you've stillgot your Trace on you, do you, Harry?"
"He can't have," said Ron. "The Trace breaks at seventeen, that's Wizardinglaw,
you can't putit on an adult."
"As far as you know," said Hermione. "Whatif the Death Eaters havefound a
way to putit on a seventeen-year-old?"
"But Harryhasn't been near a Death Eater in thelast twenty-four hours. Who's
supposed to have put a Trace back on him?"
Hermione did not reply. Harryfelt contaminated, tainted: Was that reallyhow the
Death Eaters had found them?
"If I can't use magic, and you can't use magicnear me, without us giving away
our position ­ "he began.
"We're not splittingup!" said Hermionefirmly.
"We need a safe place to hide," said Ron. "Give us time to think things through."
"Grimmauld Place," said Harry.
The other two gaped.
"Don't be silly, Harry, Snape can getin there!"
"Ron's dad said they've putup jinxes againsthim­ and even if they haven't
worked,"he pressed on as Hermione began to argue "so what? I swear, I'd like nothing
better than to meet Snape!"
"But ­"
"Hermione, where elseis there? It's the best chance we've got. Snape's only one
Death Eater. If I've stillgot the Trace onme, we'llhave whole crowds of them onus
wherever else we go."
She could not argue, though shelooked as if she would haveliked to. While she
unlocked the café door, Ron clicked the Deluminator to release the café's light. Then, on
Harry's count of three, they reversed the spells upon their three victims, and before the
waitress or either of the Death Eaters could do more than stir sleepily, Harry, Ron and
Hermione had turned on the spot and vanished into the compressing darkness once more.
Seconds later Harry's lungs expanded gratefully and he opened his eyes:They
were now standingin themiddle of afamiliar small and shabby square. Tall, dilapidated

houses looked down on themfrom every side. Number twelve was visible to them, for
they had been told ofits existence by Dumbledore, its Secret-Keeper, and they rushed
toward it, checking every few yards that they were not beingfollowed or observed. They
raced up the stone steps, and Harry tapped thefront door once withhis wand. They
heard
a series of metallic clicks and the clatter of a chain, then the door swung open with a
creak and they hurried over the threshold.
As Harry closed the door behind them, the old-fashioned gas lamps spranginto
life, castingflickeringlight along thelength of the hallway. Itlooked just as Harry
remembered it: eerie, cobwebbed, the outlines of the house-elfheads on the wall
throwing odd shadows up the staircase. Long dark curtains concealed the portrait of
Sirius's mother. The only thing that was out of place was the troll's leg umbrella stand,
which was lying onits side as ifTonks had just knocked it over again.
"I think somebody's been inhere," Hermione whispered, pointing toward it.
"That could've happened as the Order left," Ronmurmured back.
"So where are these jinxes they put up against Snape?" Harry asked.
"Maybe they're only activated ifhe shows up?" suggested Ron.
Yet they remained close together on the doormat, backs against the door, scared
to movefarther into the house.
"Well, we can't stay here forever," said Harry, and he took a step forward.
"Severus Snape?"
Mad-Eye Moody's voice whispered out of the darkness, making allthree of them
jump back infright. "We're not Snape!" croaked Harry, before something whooshed
over
himlike cold air and his tongue curled backward on itself,makingitimpossible to speak.
Before he had time to feelinside his mouth, however, his tongue had unraveled again.
The other two seemed to have experienced the same unpleasant sensation. Ron
was making retchingnoises; Hermione stammered, "Thatm-must have b-been the T-
Tongue-Tying Curse Mad-Eye set up for Snape!"
Gingerly Harry took another step forward. Something shifted in the shadows at
the end of the hall, and before any of themcould say another word, a figure had risen up
out of the carpet, tall, dust-colored, and terrible; Hermione screamed and so did Mrs.
Black, her curtainsflying open; the gray figure was gliding toward them, faster and faster,
its waist-lengthhair and beard streaming behind it, its face sunken, fleshless, with empty
eye sockets:Horriblyfamiliar, dreadfullyaltered, it raised a wasted arm, pointing at
Harry.

"No!"Harry shouted, and thoughhe had raised his wand no spell occurred to him.
"No! It wasn'tus! We didn't killyou ­"
On the word kill, thefigure exploded in a great cloud of dust: Coughing, his eyes
watering, Harrylooked around to see Hermione crouched on thefloor by the door with
her arms over her head, and Ron, who was shakingfromhead to foot, pattingher
clumsily on the shoulder and saying, "It's allr-right. . . . It's g-gone. . . ."
Dust swirled around Harrylikemist, catching the bluegaslight, as Mrs. Black
continued to scream.
"Mudbloods, filth, stains of dishonor, taint of shame on the house of my fathers ­"
"SHUT UP!" Harry bellowed, directinghis wand at her, and with a bang and a
burst of red sparks, the curtains swung shut again, silencingher.
"That . . . that was . . . "Hermione whimpered, as Ron helped her to her feet.
"Yeah," said Harry, "butit wasn't reallyhim, was it? Just something to scare
Snape."
Had itworked, Harry wondered, or had Snape already blasted the horror-figure
aside as casually as he had killed the realDumbledore? Nerves stilltingling, heled the
other two up the hall, half-expecting some new terror to revealitself, but nothing moved
exceptfor a mouse skittering along the skirting board.
"Before we go anyfarther, I think we'd better check," whispered Hermione, and
she raised her wand and said, "Homenum revelio."
Nothinghappened.
"Well, you've justhad a big shock," said Ron kindly. "What was that supposed to
do?"
"It did what I meantit to do!" said Hermione rather crossly. "That was a spellto
revealhuman presence, and there's nobody here except us!"
"And old Dusty," said Ron, glancing at the patch of carpet fromwhich the corpse-
figure had risen.
"Let's go up," said Hermione with afrightened look at the same spot, and sheled
the way up the creaking stairs to the drawing room on thefirstfloor.
Hermione waved her wand to ignite the old gas lamps, then, shivering slightlyin
the drafty room, she perched on the sofa, her arms wrapped tightly around her. Ron
crossed to the window and moved the heavyvelvet curtains aside aninch.
"Can't see anyone out there,"he reported. "And you'd think, if Harry stillhad a
Trace on him, they'd havefollowed us here. I know they can't getin the house, but ­
what's up, Harry?"
Harry had given a cry of pain:His scar had burned against as somethingflashed

across hismindlike a brightlight on water. He saw alarge shadow and felt afury that
was not his own pound throughhis body, violent and brief as an electric shock.
"What did you see?" Ron asked, advancing on Harry. "Did you see him atmy
place?"
"No, I justfelt anger ­ he's really angry ­"
"But that could be at the Burrow," said Ronloudly. "What else? Didn't you see
anything? Was he cursing someone?"
"No, I justfelt anger ­ I couldn't tell ­"
Harry felt badgered, confused, and Hermione did nothelp as she said in a
frightened voice, "Your scar, again? But what's going on? I thought that connection had
closed!"
"It did, for a while,"muttered Harry; his scar was stillpainful, whichmadeithard
to concentrate. "I ­ I think it's started opening again whenever heloses control, that's
how itused to ­"
"But then you've got to close your mind!" said Hermione shrilly. "Harry,
Dumbledore didn't wantyou to use that connection, he wanted you to shutit down, that's
whyyou were supposed to use Occlumency! Otherwise Voldemort can plantfalse images
inyour mind, remember ­"
"Yeah, I do remember, thanks," said Harry throughgritted teeth;he did not need
Hermione to tellhimthat Voldemort had once used this selfsame connection between
themto lead himinto a trap, nor thatithad resulted in Sirius's death. He wished that he
had not told themwhat he had seen and felt;itmade Voldemortmore threatening, as
thoughhe were pressing against the window of the room, and stillthe paininhis scar was
building and hefoughtit:It was like resisting the urge to be sick.
He turned his back on Ron and Hermione, pretending to examine the old tapestry
of the Black familytree on the wall. Then Hermione shrieked: Harry drew his wand again
and spun around to see a silver Patronus soar through the drawing room window and land
upon thefloor infront of them, where it solidified into the weasel that spoke with the
voice of Ron's father.
"Family safe, do not reply, we are being watched."
The Patronus dissolved into nothingness. Ron let out a noise between a whimper
and a groan and dropped onto the sofa:Hermione joined him, grippinghis arm.
"They're allright, they're allright!" she whispered, and Ron halflaughed and
hugged her.
"Harry,"he said over Hermione's shoulder, "I ­"
"It's not a problem," said Harry, sickened by the paininhis head. "It's your

family, `course you were worried. I'd feel the same way."He thought of Ginny. "I do feel
the same way."
The paininhis scar was reaching a peak, burning as ithad back in the garden of
the Burrow. Faintlyhe heard Hermione say "I don't want to be on my own. Could we use
the sleeping bags I've brought and campinhere tonight?"
He heard Ron agree. He could notfight the painmuchlonger. He had to succumb.
"Bathroom,"hemuttered, and heleft the room as fast as he could without running.
He barelymade it:Bolting the door behind himwith tremblinghands, he grasped
his poundinghead and fellto thefloor, then in an explosion of agony, hefelt the rage that
did not belong to him possess his soul, saw along roomlit only byfirelight, and the giant
blond Death Eater on thefloor, screaming and writhing, and a slighter figure standing
over him, wand outstretched, while Harry spoke in a high, cold, merciless voice.
"More, Rowle, or shallwe end it and feed you to Nagini?Lord Voldemortis not
sure that he willforgive this time. . . . You called me back for this, to tellme that Harry
Potter has escaped again? Draco, give Rowle another taste of our displeasure. . . . Do it,
or feelmy wrath yourself!"
A logfellin thefire: Flames reared, theirlight darting across a terrified, pointed
whiteface ­ with a sense of emergingfromdeep water, Harry drew heaving breaths and
opened his eyes.
He was spread-eagled on the cold black marblefloor, his nose inches from one of
the silver serpent tails that supported the large bathtub. He sat up. Malfoy's gaunt,
petrified face seemed burned on theinside of his eyes. Harryfelt sickened by what he had
seen, by the use to which Draco was now being put by Voldemort.
There was a sharp rap on the door, and Harry jumped as Hermione's voice rang
out.
"Harry, do you want your toothbrush? I've gotithere."
"Yeah, great, thanks,"he said, fighting to keep his voice casual as he stood up to
lether in.


Chapter Ten
Kreacher's Tale

Harry woke earlynextmorning, wrapped in a sleeping bag on the drawing room
floor. A chink of sky was visible between the heavy curtains. It was the cool, clear blue

of watered ink, somewhere between night and dawn, and everything was quiet except for
Ron and Hermione's slow, deep breathing. Harry glanced over at the dark shapes they
made on thefloor beside him. Ron had had a fit ofgallantry and insisted that Hermione
sleep on the cushions from the sofa, so that her silhouette was raised above his. Her arm
curved to thefloor, her fingers inches fromRon's. Harry wondered whether they had
fallen asleep holdinghands. Theidea made himfeel strangelylonely.
Helooked up at the shadowy ceiling, the cobwebbed chandelier. Less than
twenty-four house ago, he had been standingin the sunlight at the entrance to the
marquee, waiting to show in weddingguests. It seemed alifetime away. What was going
to happen now? Helay on thefloor and he thought of the Horcruxes, of the daunting
complex mission Dumbledore had lefthim... Dumbledore...
The grief that had possessed himsince Dumbledore's death felt different now.
The accusations he had heard from Muriel at the wedding seemed to have nested inhis
brainlike diseased things, infectinghismemories of the wizard he had idolized. Could
Dumbledore havelet such things happen? Had he been like Dudley, content to watch
neglect and abuse as long as it did not affecthim? Could he have turned his back on a
sister who was beingimprisoned and hidden?
Harry thought of Godric's Hollow, of graves Dumbledore had never mentioned
there; he thought ofmysterious objects left without explanation in Dumbledore's will,
and resentment swelled in the darkness. Why hadn't Dumbledore told him? Whyhadn't
he explained? Had Dumbledore actuallycared about Harry at all? Or had Harry been
nothingmore than a tool to be polished and honed, but not trusted, never confided in?
Harry could not stand lying there withnothing but bitter thoughts for company.
Desperate for something to do, for distraction, he slipped out of his sleeping bad, picked
up his wand, and crept out of the room. On thelandinghe whispered, "Lumos," and
started to climb the stairs by wandlight.
On the second landing was the bedroomin whichhe and Ron had sleptlast time
they had been here; he glanced into it. The wardrobe doors stood open and the
bedclothes
had been ripped back. Harry remembered the overturned trollleg downstairs. Somebody
had searched the house since the Order had left. Snape? Or perhaps Mundungus, who
had
pilfered plentyfrom this house both before and after Sirius died? Harry's gaze wandered
to the portrait that sometimes contained Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius's great-great
grandfather, butitwas empty, showingnothing but a stretch ofmuddy backdrop. Phineas
Nigellus was evidently spending the nightin the headmaster's study at Hogwarts.

Harry continued up the stairs untilhe reached the topmostlanding where there
were only two doors. The onefacinghimbore a nameplate reading Sirius. Harryhad
never entered his godfather's bedroom before. He pushed open the door, holdinghis
wand high to castlight as widely as possible. The room was spacious and must once have
been handsome. There was a large bed with a carved wooden headboard, a tallwindow
obscured by longvelvet curtains and a chandelier thickly coated in dust with candle
scrubs stillrestinginits sockets, solid wax banginginfrostlike drips. A finefilmof dust
covered the pictures on the walls and the bed's headboard; a spiders web stretched
between the chandelier and the top of the large wooden wardrobe, and as Harrymoved
deeper into the room, he head a scurrying of disturbed mice.
The teenage Sirius had plastered the walls with so many posters and pictures that
little of the wall's silvery-gray silk was visible. Harry could only assume that Sirius's
parents had been unable to remove the Permanent Sticking Charm that kept themon the
wall because he was sure they would nothave appreciated their eldest son's tastein
decoration. Sirius seemed to havelonggone out of his way to annoyhis parents. There
were severallarge Gryffindor banners, faded scarlet and gold just to underline his
differencefrom allthe rest of the Slytherinfamily. There were many pictures of Muggle
motorcycles, and also (Harry had to admire Sirius's nerve) several posters of bikini-clad
Mugglegirls. Harry could tellthat they were Muggles because they remained quite
stationary within their pictures, faded smiles and glazed eyes frozen on the paper. This
was in contrast the only Wizarding photograph on the walls which was a picture offour
Hogwarts students standing armin arm, laughing at the camera.
With a leap of pleasure, Harry recognized hisfather, his untidy black hair stuck
up at the back like Harry's, and he too wore glasses. Beside himwas Sirius, carelessly
handsome, his slightly arrogantface so much younger and happier than Harry had ever
seen it alive. To Sirius's right stood Pettigrew, more than a head shorter, plump and
watery-eyed, flushed with pleasure at hisinclusionin this coolest of gangs, with the
much-admired rebels that James and Sirius had been. On James's leftwas Lupin, even
then a little shabby-looking, but he had the same air of delighted surprise atfinding
himselfliked and included or was it simply because Harry knew how ithad been, thathe
saw these thingsin the picture? He tried to take itfromthe wall;it was his now, after all,
Sirius had lefthimeverything, butitwould not budge. Sirius had taken no chances in
preventinghis parents fromredecorating his room.
Harry looked around at thefloor. The sky outside was growing brightest. A shaft
oflight revealed bits of paper, books, and small objects scattered over the carpet.
Evidently Sirius's bedroomhad been reached too, althoughits contents seemed to have

been judged mostly, ifnot entirely, worthless. A few of the books had been shaken
roughly enough to part company with the covers and sundry pages littered thefloor.
Harry bent down, picked up a few of the pieces of paper, and examined them. He
recognized one as a part of an old edition of A History of Magic, by Bathilda Bagshot,
and another as belonging to a motorcycle maintenance manual. The third was
handwritten and crumpled. He smoothed it out.

Dear Padfoot,
 Thank you, thank you, for Harry's birthday present! It was his favorite by
far. One year old and already zooming along on a toy broomstick, he looked so
pleased
with himself. I'm enclosing a picture so you can see. You know it only rises about
two feet
off the ground but he nearly killed the cat and he smashed a horrible vase Petunia
sent
me for Christmas (no complaints there). Of course James thought it was so funny,
says
he's going to be a great Quidditch player but we've had to pack away all the
ornaments
and make sure we don't take our eyes off him when he gets going.
We had a very quiet birthday tea, just us and old Bathilda who has always been
sweet to us and who dotes on Garry. We were so sorry you couldn't come, but the
Order's got to come first, and Harry's not old enough to know it's his birthday
anyway!
James is getting a bit frustrated shut up here, he tries not to show it but I can tell ­
also
Dumbledore's still got his Invisibility Cloak, so no chance of little excursions. If you
could visit, it would cheer him up so much. Wormy was here last weekend. I thought
he
seemed down, but that was probably the next about the McKinnons; I cried all
evening
when I heard.
Bathilda drops in most days, she's a fascinating old thing with the most amazing
stories about Dumbledore. I'm not sure he'd be pleased if he knew! I don't know
how
much to believe, actually because it seems incredible that Dumbledore

Harry's extremities seemed to have gone numb. He stood quite still, holding the
miraculous paper inhis nerveless fingers whileinside hima kind of quiet eruptions sent
joy and grief thunderingits equalmeasure throughhisveins. Lurching to the bed, he sat
down.
He read theletter again, but could not take in anymore meaning thanhe had done
thefirst time, and was reduced to staring at the handwritingitself. She had made her "g"s
the same way he did. He searched through theletter for every one of them, and each felt
like a friendlylittle wave glimpsed from behind a veil. Theletter was an incredible
treasure, proof that Lily Potter had lived, reallylived, that her warmhand had once
moved across this parchment, tracinginkinto these letters, these words, words about him,
Harry, her son.
Impatiently brushing away the wetness inhis eyes, he reread theletter, this time
concentrating on themeaning. It was likelistening to a half-remembered voice.
Theyhad a cat... perhaps ithad perished, like his parents at Godric's Hollow... or
elsefled when there was nobody left to feed it... Siriushad boughthimhisfirst
broomstick... His parents had known Bathilda Bagshot; had Dumbledore introduced
them? Dumbledore's still got his Invisibility Cloak... there was somethingfunny there...
Harry paused, ponderinghismother's words. Whyhad Dumbledore taken
James's Invisibility Cloak? Harry distinctlyremembered his headmaster tellinghimyears
before, "I don'tneed a cloak to becomeinvisible" Perhaps someless gifted Order
member had needed its assistance, and Dumbledore had acted as a carrier? Harry passed
on...
Wormy was here... Pettigrew, the traitor, had seemed "down"had he? Was he
aware that he was seeing James and Lilyalivefor thelast time?
And finally Bathilda again, who told incredible stories about Dumbledore. It
seems incredible that Dumbledore ---
That Dumbledore what? But there were any number of things that would seem
incredible about Dumbledore; that he had once received bottommarks in a
Transfiguration test, for instance or had taken up goat charminglike Aberforth...
Harry got to his feet and scanned thefloor: Perhaps the rest of theletter was here
somewhere. He seized papers, treating theminhis eagerness, with as little consideration
as the originalsearcher, he pulled open drawers, shook out books, stood on a chair to run
hishand over the top of the wardrobe, and crawled under the bed and armchair.
Atlast, lyingfacedown on thefloor, he spotted whatlooked like a torn piece of

paper under the chest of drawers. Whenhe pulled it out, it proved to be most of the
photograph that Lilyhad described inher letter. A black-haired baby was zoomingin and
out of the picture on a tiny broom, roaring withlaughter, and a pair oflegs thatmust have
belonged to James was chasing after him. Harry tucked the photograph into his pocket
with Lily's letter and continued to look for the second sheet.
After another quarter of an hour, however he was forced to conclude that the rest
of his mother's letter was gone. Had it simply beenlostin the sixteen years that had
elapsed since ithad been written, or had it been taken by whoever had searched the
room? Harry read thefirst sheet again, this timelookingfor clues as to whatmighthave
made the second sheet valuable. His toy broomstick could hardly be considered
interesting to the Death Eaters... The only potentiallyusefulthinghe could see her was
possibleinformation on Dumbledore. It seems incredible that Dumbledore ­ what?
"Harry? Harry? Harry!"
"I'mhere!"he called, "What's happened?"
There was a clatter offootsteps outside the door, and Hermione burstinside.
"We woke up and didn't know where you were!" she said breathlessly. She turned
and shouted over her shoulder, "Ron! I'vefound him"
Ron's annoyed voice echoed distantlyfrom severalfloors below.
"Good! Tellhimfromme he's a git!"
"Harry don't just disappear, please, we were terrified! Why did you come up here
anyway?" She gazed around the ransacked room. "What have you been doing?"
"Look what I've justfound"
He held outhismother's letter. Hermione took it out and read it while Harry
watched her. When she reached the end of the page shelooked up at him.
"Oh Harry..."
"And there's this too"
He handed her the torn photograph, and Hermione smiled at the baby zoomingin
and out of sight on the toy broom.
"I've been lookingfor the rest of theletter,"Harry said, "butit's not here."
Hermione glanced around.
"Did youmake allthismess, or was some ofit done when yougot here?"
"Someone had searched beforeme," said Harry.
"I thought so. Every room I looked into on the way up had been disturbed. What
were they after, do you think?"
"Information on the Order, ifit was Snape."
"Butyou'd think he'd already have allheneeded. I mean was in the Order, wasn't

he?"
"Wellthen," said Harry, keen to discuss his theory, "what aboutinformation on
Dumbledore? The second page of theletter, for instance. You know this Bathilda my
mummentions, you know who sheis?"
"Who?"
"Bathilda Bagshot, the author of ­"
"A History of Magic," said Hermione, lookinginterested. "So your parents knew
her? She was an incrediblemagichistorian."
"And she's still alive," said Harry, "and shelives in Godric's Hollow. Ron's
Auntie Murielwas talking about her at the wedding. She knew Dumbledore's family too.
Be prettyinteresting to talk to, wouldn't she?" There was a little too much understanding
inthe smile Hermione gave himfor Harry's liking. He took back theletter and the
photograph and tucked theminside the pouch around his neck, so as not to have to look
at
her and give himself away. "I understand whyyou'd love to talk to her about your mum
and dad, and Dumbledore too," said Hermione. "But that wouldn't reallyhelp us in our
search for the Horcruxes, would it?" Harry did not answer, and she rushed on, "Harry, I
know you reallywant to go to Godric's Hollow, but I'm scared. I'm scared at how easily
those Death Eaters found us yesterday. It justmakes mefeelmore than ever that we
ought to avoid the place where your parents are buried, I'm sure they'd be expectingyou
to visitit."
"It's not just that," Harry said, still avoidinglooking at her, "Muriel said stuff
about Dumbledore at the wedding. I want to know the truth..."
He told Hermione everything that Murielhad told him. When he had finished,
Hermione said, "Of course, I can see why that's upset you, Harry ­"
"I'mnot upset,"helied, "I'd justlike to know whether or notit's true or ­"
"Harry do you really think you'llget the truthfrom amalicious old womanlike
Muriel, or fromRita Skeeter? How can you believe them? You knew Dumbledore!"
"I thought I did,"hemuttered.
"Butyou know how much truth there was in everything Rita wrote about you!
Dogeis right, how can youlet these people tarnishyour memories of Dumbledore?"
Helooked away, tryingnot to betray the resentmenthefelt. There it was again:
Choose what to believe. He wanted the truth. Why was everybody so determined thathe
should not getit?
"Shallwe go down to the kitchen?" Hermione suggested after a little pause. "Find
somethingfor breakfast?"

He agreed, butgrudgingly, and followed her out onto thelanding and past the
second door thatled offit. There were deep scratch marks in the paintwork below a
small
sign that he had not noticed in the dark. He passed at the top of the stairs to read it. It
was
a pompous little sign, neatlylettered by hand the sort of thing that Percy Weasley might
have stuck on his bedroom door.


Do Not Enter
Without the Express Permission of
Regulus Arcturus Black

Excitement trickled through Harry, but he was notimmediately sure why. He read the
sign again. Hermione was already a flight of stairs below him.
"Hermione,"he said, and he was surprised that his voice was so calm. "Come
back up here."
"What's thematter?"
"R.A.B. I think I'vefound him."
There was a gasp, and then Hermione ran back up the stairs.
"Inyour mum's letter? But I didn't see ­"
Harry shook hishead, pointing at Regulus's sign. She read it, then clutched
Harry's arm so tightly that he winced.
"Sirius's brother?" she whispered.
"He was a Death Eater," said Harry. "Sirius told me about him, he joined up when
he was reallyyoung and then got cold feet and tried to leave ­ so they killed him."
"Thatfits!"gasped Hermione. "Ifhe was a Death Eater he had access to
Voldemort, and ifhe became disenchanted, then he would have wanted to bring
Voldemort down!"
She released Harry, leaned over the banister, and screamed, "Ron! RON! Get up
here, quick!"
Ron appeared, panting, a minutelater, his wand ready inhishand.
"What's up? Ifit's massive spiders again I want breakfast before I ­"
Hefrowned at the sign on Regulus's door, in which Hermione was silently
pointing.
"What? That was Sirius's brother, wasn'tit? Regulus Arcturus ... Regulus ...

R.A.B.! Thelocket ­ you don't reckon -- ?"
"Let's find out," said Harry. He pushed the door: It was locked. Hermione pointed
her wand at the handle and said, "Alohamora." There was a click, and the door swung
open.
Theymoved over the threshold together, gazing around. Regulus's bedroom was
slightly smaller than Sirius's, thoughithad the same sense offormer grandeur. Whereas
Sirius had sought to advertise his diffidence from the rest of thefamily, Regulushad
striven to emphasize the opposite. The Slytherin colors of emerald and silver were
everywhere, draping the bed, the walls, and the windows. The Black family crest was
painstakingly painted over the bed, alongwithits motto, TOUJOURS PUR. Beneath this
was a collection ofyellow newspaper cuttings, allstuck together to make a ragged
collage. Hermione crossed the room to examine them.
"They're all about Voldemort," she said. "Regulus seems to have been a fanfor a
fewyears before he joined the Death Eaters ..."
A little puff of dust rose from the bedcovers as she sat down to read the clippings.
Harry, meanwhile, had noticed another photograph: a Hogwarts Quidditch team was
smiling and waving out of theframe. He moved closer and saw the snakes emblazoned
on their chests: Slytherins. Regulus was instantly recognizable as the boy sittinginthe
middle of thefront row:He had the same dark hair and slightlyhaughtylook ofhis
brother, thoughhe was smaller, slighter, and rather less handsome than Sirius had been.
"He played Seeker," said Harry.
"What?" said Hermione vaguely; she was stillimmersed in Voldemort's press
clippings.
"He's sittingin themiddle of thefront row, that's where the Seeker ... Never
mind," said Harry, realizing that nobody was listening. Ron was on his hands and knees,
searchingunder the wardrobe. Harrylooked around the roomfor likelyhiding places and
approached the desk. Yet again, somebody had searched before them. The drawers'
contents had been turned over recently, the dust disturbed, but there was nothingof value
there: old quills, out-of-date textbooks that bore evidence of being roughlyhandled, a
recently smashed ink bottle, its sticky residue covering the contents of the drawer.
"There's an easier way," said Hermione, as Harry wiped hisinkyfingers on his
jeans. She raised her wand and said, "Accio Locket!"
Nothinghappened. Ron, who had been searching thefolds of thefaded curtains,
looked disappointed.
"Is thatit, then? It's not here?"
"Oh, it could stillbe here, but under counter-enchantments," said Hermione.

"Charms to preventitfrom being summoned magically, you know."
"Like Voldemort put on the stone basin inthe cave," said Harry, remembering
how he had been unable to Summon the fake locket.
"How are we supposed to find it then?" asked Ron.
"We search manually," said Hermione.
"That's a good idea," said Ron, rollinghis eyes, and he resumed his examination
of the curtains.
They combed everyinch of the roomfor more than an hour, but wereforced,
finally, to conclude that thelocket was not there.
The sunhad risen now;its light dazzled them even through the grimylanding
windows.
"It could be somewhere else in the house, though," said Hermionein a rallying
tone as they walked back downstairs. As Harry and Ron had becomemore discouraged,
she seemed to have becomemore determined. "Whether he'd manage to destroyit or
not,
he'd want to keep it hidden fromVoldemort, wouldn't he? Remember allthose awful
things we had to get rid of when we were here last time? That clock that shot bolts at
everyone and those old robes that tried to strangle Ron; Regulusmighthave put them
there to protect thelocket's hiding place, even though we didn't realizeit at ... at ... "
Harry and Ron looked at her. She was standing with onefoot inmidair, with the
dumbstruck look of one who had just been Obliviated:her eyes had even drifted out of
focus.
"... at the time," shefinished in a whisper.
"Something wrong?" asked Ron.
"There was a locket."
"What?" said Harry and Ron together.
"In the cabinetin the drawing room. Nobody could open it. And we ... we ... "
Harry felt as though a brick had slid down throughhis chestinto his stomach. He
remembered. He had evenhandled the thing as they passed it around, each tryingin turn
to pryit open. It had been tossed into a sack of rubbish, along with the snuffbox of
Wartcap powder and themusic box thathad made everyone sleepy ..."
"Kreacher nicked loads of things back fromus," said Harry. It was the only
chance, the only slender hope left to them, and he was going to cling to ituntilforced to
letgo. "He had a whole stash of stuffin his cupboard in the kitchen. C'mon."
He ran down the stairs taking two steps at a time, the other two thundering along
inhis wake. They made so muchnoise that they woke the portrait of Sirius's mother as

they passed through the hall.
"Filth! Mudbloods! Scum!" she screamed after them as they dashed downinto the
basement kitchen and slammed the door behind them. Harry ran thelength of the room,
skidded to a halt at the door of Kreacher's cupboard, and wrenched it open. There was
the
nest of dirty old blankets in which the house-elfhad once slept, but they were notlonger
glittering with the trinkets Kreacher had salvaged. The only thing there was an old copy
of Nature's Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. Refusing to believe his eyes, Harry
snatched up the blankets and shook them. A dead mousefell out and rolled dismally
across thefloor. Ron groaned as he threw himselfinto a kitchen chair; Hermione closed
her eyes.
"It's not over yet," said Harry, and he raised his voice and called, "Kreacher!"
There was a loud crack and the house elf that Harry had so reluctantlyinherited
from Sirius appeared out ofnowhereinfront of the cold and empty fireplace: tiny, half
human-sized, his pale skinhanging offhiminfolds, white hair sprouting copiouslyfrom
his batlike ears. He was stillwearing the filthy rag in which they had firstmet him, and
the contemptuous look he bent upon Harry showed thathis attitude to his change of
ownership had altered no more than his outfit.
"Master," croaked Kreacher inhis bullfrog's voice, and he bowed low;muttering
to his knees, "back inmy Mistress's old house with the blood-traitor Weasley and the
Mudblood ­"
"I forbid you to call anyone `blood traitor' or `Mudblood,'"growled Harry. He
would havefound Kreacher, withhis snoutlike nose and bloodshot eyes, a distinctively
unlovable object evenifthe elfhad not betrayed Sirius to Voldemort.
"I've got a question for you," said Harry, his heart beating rather fast as helooked
down at the elf, "and I order you to answer it truthfully. Understand?"
"Yes, Master," said Kreacher, bowinglow again. Harry saw hislips moving
soundlessly, undoubtedlyframing theinsults he was now forbidden to utter.
"Two years ago," said Harry, his heart now hammering againsthis ribs, "there
was a biggold locket in the drawing roomupstairs. We threw it out. Did you stealit
back?"
There was a moment's silence, during which Kreacher straightened up to look
Harryfullin theface. Then he said, "Yes."
"Where is itnow?" asked Harry jubilantly as Ron and Hermionelooked gleeful.
Kreacher closed his eyes as thoughhe could not bear to see their reactions to his
next word.

"Gone."
"Gone?" echoed Harry, elationfloating out of him,"What do you mean, it's
gone?"
The elf shivered. He swayed.
"Kreacher," said Harryfiercely, "I order you ­"
"Mundungus Fletcher," croaked the elf, his eyes stilltight shut. "Mundungus
Fletcher stoleit all; Miss Bella's and Miss Cissy's pictures, my Mistress's gloves, the
Order of Merlin, First Class, the goblets with thefamily crest, and ­ and ­ "
Kreacher was gulpingfor air:Hishollow chest was rising and fallingrapidly, then
his eyes flew open and he uttered a bloodcurdling scream.
"--and the locket, Master Regulus's locket. Kreacher did wrong, Kreacher failed
in his orders!"
Harry reacted instinctively:As Kreacher lunged for the poker standingin the grate,
helaunched himselfupon the elf, flatteninghim. Hermione's screammingled with
Kreacher's but Harry bellowed louder than both of them:"Kreacher, I order you to stay
still!"
Hefelt the elffreeze and released him. Kreacher layflat on the cold stonefloor,
tears gushingfromhis sagging eyes.
"Harry, let himup!" Hermione whispered.
"So he can beat himselfup with the poker?" snorted Harry, kneeling beside the elf.
"I don't think so. Right. Kreacher, I want the truth:How do you know Mundungus
Fletcher stole thelocket?"
"Kreacher saw him!"gasped the elf as tears poured over his snout and into his
mouthfullofgraying teeth. "Kreacher saw him coming out of Kreacher's cupboard with
hishands fullof Kreacher's treasures. Kreacher told the sneak thief to stop, but
Mundungus Fletcher laughed and r-ran ... "
"You called thelocket `Master Regulus's,'" said Harry. "Why? Where did it
comefrom? What did Regulus have to do withit? Kreacher, situp and tellme everything
you know about thatlocket, and everythingRegulus had to do withit!"
The elf sat up, curled into a ball, placed his wet face between his knees, and began
to rock backward and forward. When he spoke, his voice was muffled but quite distinct
inthe silent, echoing kitchen.
"Master Sirius ran away, good riddance, for he was a bad boy and broke my
Mistress's heart withhislawless ways. But Master Regulus had proper order; he knew
what was due to the name of Black and the dignity of his pure blood. For years he talked
of the Dark Lord, who was going to bring the wizards out ofhiding to rule the Muggles

and the Muggle-borns ... and when he was sixteen years old, Master Regulus joined the
Dark Lord. So proud, so proud, so happy to serve ...
And one day, a year after he joined, Master Regulus came down to the kitchen to
see Kreacher. Master Regulus always liked Kreacher. And Master Regulus said ... he
said ..."
The old elf rocked faster than ever.
"... he said that the Dark Lord required an elf."
"Voldemort needed an elf?" Harry repeated, looking around at Ron and Hermione,
who looked just as puzzled as he did.
"Oh yes,"moaned Kreacher. "And Master Regulus had volunteered Kreacher. It
was an honor, said Master Regulus, an honor for him and for Kreacher, who must be sure
to do whatever the Dark Lord ordered himto do ... and then to c-come home."
Kreacher rocked stillfaster, his breath comingin sobs.
"So Kreacher went to the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord did not tell Kreacher what
they were to do, but took Kreacher withhimto a cave beside the sea. And beyond the
cave was a cavern, and in the cavern was a great black lake ... "
The hairs on the back of Harry's neck stood up. Kreacher's croakingvoice
seemed to come to himfrom across the dark water. He saw what had happened as
clearly
as thoughhe had been present.
"... There was a boat ..."
Of course there had been a boat; Harry knew the boat, ghostlygreen and tiny,
bewitched so as to carry one wizard and one victimtoward theisland in the center. This,
then, was how Voldemort had tested the defenses surrounding the Horcrux, by borrowing
a disposable creature, a house-elf...
"There was a b-basinfullof potion on theisland. The D-Dark Lord made
Kreacher drink it ..."
The elf quaked fromhead to foot.
"Kreacher drank, and as he drank he saw terrible thing ... Kreacher's insides
burned ... Kreacher cried for Master Regulus to save him,he cried for his Mistress Black,
but the Dark Lord onlylaughed ... Hemade Kreacher drink allthe potion ... He dropped
a locket into the empty basin ... He filledit withmore potion."
"And then the Dark Lord sailed away, leaving Kreacher on theisland ... "
Harry could see ithappening. He watched Voldemort's white, snakelikeface
vanishinginto darkness, those red eyes fixed pitilessly on the thrashing elfwhose death
would occur withinminutes, whenever he succumbed to the desperate thirst that the

burning poison caused its victim... Buthere, Harry's imagination could go no further,
for he could not see how Kreacher had escaped.
"Kreacher needed water, he crawled to theisland's edge and he drank from the
black lake ... and hands, dead hands, came out of the water and dragged Kreacher under
the surface ... "
"How did you get away?"Harry asked, and he was not surprised to hear himself
whispering.
Kreacher raised his uglyhead and looked Harry withhis great, bloodshot eyes.
"Master Regulus told Kreacher to come back," he said.
"I know ­ buthow did you escape the Inferi?"
Kreacher did not seem to understand.
"Master Regulus told Kreacher to come back," he repeated.
"I know, but ­ "
"Well,it's obvious, isn'tit, Harry?" said Ron. "He Disapparated!"
"But ... you couldn't Apparate in and out of that cave," said Harry, "otherwise
Dumbledore ­ "
"Elfmagicisn'tlike wizard's magic, isit?" said Ron, "I mean, they can Apparate
and Disapparate in and out of Hogwarts when we can't."
There was a silence as Harry digested this. How could Voldemorthavemade such
a mistake? But even as he thought this, Hermione spoke, and her voice was icy.
"Of course, Voldemort would have considered the ways ofhouse-elves far
beneath his notice ... It would never have occurred to himthat theymighthavemagic
thathe didn't."
"The house-elf's highestlaw is his Master's bidding,"intoned Kreacher.
"Kreacher was told to come home, so Kreacher came home ... "
"Well, then, you did what you were told, didn't you?" said Hermione kindly.
"You didn't disobey orders at all!"
Kreacher shook his head, rocking as fast as ever.
"So what happened when you got back?" Harry asked. "What did Regulus say
when you told himwhat happened?"
"Master Regulus was very worried, very worried," croaked Kreacher. "Master
Regulus told Kreacher to stay hidden and not to leave the house. And then ... itwas a
little whilelater ... Master Regulus came to find Kreacher inhis cupboard one night, and
Master Regulus was strange, not as he usually was, disturbed inhis mind, Kreacher could
tell... and he asked Kreacher to take himto the cave, the cave where Kreacher had gone
with the Dark Lord ... "

And so they had set off. Harry could visualize them quite clearly, thefrightened
old elf and the thin, dark Seeker who had so resembled Sirius ... Kreacher knew how to
open the concealed entrance to the underground cavern, knew how to raise the tiny boat:
this timeit was his beloved Regulus who sailed withhimto theisland withits basin of
poison ...
"And hemade you drink the poison?" said Harry, disgusted.
But Kreacher shook his head and wept. Hermione's hands leapt to her mouth: She
seemed to have understood something.
"M-Master Regulus took fromhis pocket a locket like the one the Dark Lord
had," said Kreacher, tears pouring down either side of his snoutlike nose. "And he told
Kreacher to take it and, when the basin was empty, to switch thelockets ..."
 Kreacher's sobs cameingreat rasps now; Harry had to concentrate hard to
understand him.
"And he order ­ Kreacher to leave ­ without him. And he told Kreacher ­ to go
home ­ and never to tellmy Mistress ­ what he had done ­ but to destroy ­ the first
locket. And he drank ­ allthe potion ­ and Kreacher swapped thelockets ­ and
watched
... as Master Regulus ... was dragged beneath the water ... and ... "
"Oh, Kreacher!" wailed Hermione, who was crying. She dropped to her knees
beside the elf and tried to hughim. At once he was on his feet, cringing awayfromher,
quite obviously repulsed.
"The Mudblood touched Kreacher, he willnot allowit, what would his Mistress
say?"
"I told you not to callher `Mudblood'!" snarled Harry, but the elf was already
punishinghimself. He fellto the ground and banged hisforehead on thefloor.
"Stop him­ stop him!"Hermione cried. "Oh, don't you see now how sick itis,
the way they've got to obey?"
"Kreacher ­ stop, stop!" shouted Harry.
The elflay on thefloor, panting and shivering, green mucus glistening around his
snot, a bruise already blooming on his pallidforehead where he had struck himself, his
eyes swollen and bloodshot and swimmingin tears. Harry had never seen anything so
pitiful.
"So you brought thelocket home,"he said relentlessly, for he was determined to
know thefullstory. "And you tried to destroyit?"
"Nothing Kreacher did made anymark uponit,"moaned the elf. "Kreacher tried
everything, everythinghe knew, but nothing, nothing would work ... So many powerful

spells upon the casing, Kreacher was sure the way to destroy it was to getinsideit, butit
would not open ... Kreacher punished himself, he tried again, he punished himself, he
tried again. Kreacher failed to obey orders, Kreacher could not destroy thelocket! And
hismistress was mad withgrief, because Master Regulus had disappeared and Kreacher
could not tellher what had happened, no, because Master Regulus had f-f-forbidden him
to tell any of thef-f-familywhat happened in the c-cave ..."
Kreacher began to sob so hard that there were no more coherent words. Tears
flowed down Hermione's cheeks as she watched Kreacher, but she did not dare touch
himagain. Even Ron, who was no fan of Kreacher's, looked troubled. Harry sat back on
hisheels and shook his head, trying to clear it.
"I don't understand you, Kreacher,"he said finally. "Voldemort tried to killyou,
Regulus died to bring Voldemort down, but you were stillhappy to betray Sirius to
Voldemort? You were happy to go to Narcissa and Bellatrix, and pass information to
Voldemort through them ... "
"Harry, Kreacher doesn't think like that," said Hermione, wipingher eyes on the
back of her hand. "He's a slave; house-elves are used to bad, even brutal treatment; what
Voldemort did to Kreacher wasn't thatfar out of the common way. What do wizard wars
mean to an elflike Kreacher? He's loyalto people who are kind to him, and Mrs. Black
musthave been, and Regulus certainlywas, so he served themwillingly and parroted
their beliefs. I know what you're going to say," she went on as Harry began to protest,
"that Regulus changed his mind ... but he doesn't seem to have explained that to
Kreacher, does he?"And I think I know why. Kreacher and Regulus's familywere all
safestif they kept to the old pure-blood line. Regulus was trying to protect them all."
"Sirius ­ "
"Sirius was horrible to Kreacher, Harry, and it's no good lookinglike that, you
know it's true. Kreacher had been alonefor such a long time when Sirius came to live
here, and he was probably starvingfor a bit of affection. I'msure `Miss Cissy' and `Miss
Bella' were perfectlylovely to Kreacher when he turned up, so he did them a favor and
told them everything they wanted to know. I've said allalong that wizards would pay for
how they treat house-elves. Well, Voldemort did ... and so did Sirius."
Harry had no retort. As he watched Kreacher sobbing on thefloor, he
remembered what Dumbledore had said to him, mere hours after Sirius's death: I do not
think Sirius ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as a human's ...
"Kreacher," said Harry after a while, "when youfeelup to it, er ... please situp."
It was severalminutes before Kreacher hiccupped himselfinto silence. Then he

pushed himselfinto a sitting position again, rubbinghis knuckles into his eyes like a
small child.
"Kreacher, I amgoing to ask you to do something," said Harry. He glanced at
Hermionefor assistance. He wanted to give the order kindly, but at the same time, he
could not pretend thatitwas not an order. However, the changeinhis tone seemed to
have gained her approval:She smiled encouragingly.
"Kreacher, I want you, please, to go and find Mundungus Fletcher. We need to
find out where thelocket ­ where Master Regulus's locket it. It's reallyimportant. We
want to finish the work Master Regulus started, we want to ­ er ­ ensure that he didn't
dieinvain."
Kreacher dropped hisfists and looked up at Harry.
"Find Mundungus Fletcher?"he croaked.
And bringhimhere, to Grimmauld Place," said Harry. "Do you think you could
do thatfor us?"
As Kreacher nodded and got to hisfeet, Harry had a suddeninspiration. He pulled
out Hagrid's purse and took out thefake Horcrux, the substitutelocket in which Regulus
had placed the note to Voldemort.
"Kreacher, I'd, er, like you to have this,"he said, pressing thelocketinto the elf's
hand. "This belonged to Regulus and I'm sure he'd wantyou to haveit as a token of
gratitudefor whatyou--"
"Overkill, mate," said Ron as the elf took onelook at thelocket, let out a howl of
shock and misery, and threw himself back onto the ground.
It took themnearlyhalf an hour to calmdown Kreacher, who was so overcome to
be presented with a Black familyheirloomfor hisvery own that he was too weak at the
knees to stand properly. Whenfinallyhe was able to totter a few steps they all
accompanied himto his cupboard, watched himtuck up thelocket safelyinhis dirty
blankets, and assured himthat they would make its protection theirfirst priority whilehe
was away. He then made two low bows to Harry and Ron, and evengave afunnylittle
spasmin Hermione's direction thatmighthave been an attempt at a respectfulsalute,
before Disapparating with the usualloud crack.

Chapter Eleven
The Bribe

If Kreacher could escape a lake fullof Inferi, Harry was confident that the capture
of Mundungus would take a few hours atmost, and he prowled the house allmorningin a
state of high anticipation. However, Kreacher did not return thatmorning or even that
afternoon. Bynightfall, Harryfelt discouraged and anxious, and a supper composed
largely of moldy bread, upon which Hermione had tried a variety ofunsuccessful
Transfigurations, did nothing to help.
Kreacher did not return thefollowing day, nor the day after that. However, two
cloaked men had appeared in the square outside number twelve, and they remained there
into the night, gazingin the direction of the house that they could not see.
"Death Eaters, for sure," said Ron, as he, Harry, and Hermione watched from the
drawing room windows. "Reckon they know we'reinhere?"
"I don't think so," said Hermione, though shelooked frightened, "or they'd have
sent Snape in after us, wouldn't they?"
"D'you reckon he's beeninhere and has his tongue tied by Moody's curse?"
asked Ron.
"Yes," said Hermione, "otherwise he'd have been able to tellthatlot how to getin,
wouldn't he? But they're probably watching to see whether we turn up. They know that
Harry owns the house, after all."
"How do they --?" began Harry.
"Wizarding wills are examined by the Ministry, remember? They'll know Sirius
leftyou the place."
The presence of the Death Eaters outside increased the ominous mood inside
number twelve. They had not heard a word form anyone beyond Grimmauld Place since
Mr. Weasley's Patronus, and the strain was starting to tell. Restless and irritable, Ron had
developed an annoyinghabit of playingwith the Deluminator inhis pocket; This
particularlyinfuriated Hermione, who was whiling away the waitfor Kreacher by
studying The Tales of Beedle the Bard and did not appreciate the way thelights kept
flashing on and off.
"Willyou stop it!" she cried on the third evening of Kreacher's absence, as allthe
light was sucked from the drawing room yet again.
"Sorry, sorry!" said Ron, clicking the Deluminator and restoring thelights. "I

don't know I'm doingit!"
"Well, can't you find somethingusefulto occupy yourself?"
"What, like reading kids' stories?"
"Dumbledore leftme this book, Ron ­"
"--and heleftme the Deluminator, maybe I'm supposed to useit!"
Unable to stand the bickering, Harry slipped out of the roomunnoticed by either
of them. He headed downstairs toward the kitchen, which he kept visiting because he was
sure that was where Kreacher was mostlikely to reappear. Halfway down theflight of
stairs into the hall, however, he heard a tap on thefront door, thenmetallic clicks and the
grinding of the chain.
Every nerveinhis body seemed to tauten:He pulled out his wand, moved into the
shadows beside the decapitated elfheads, and waited. The door opened:He saw a
glimpse of thelamplit square outside, and a cloaked figure edged into the halland closed
the door behind it. Theintruder took a step forward, and Moody's voice asked,
"Severus
Snape?" Then the dustfigure rose from the end of the hall and rushed him, raisingits
dead hand.
"It was not I who killed you, Albus," said a quietvoice.
The jinx broke: The dust-figure exploded again, and it was impossible to make
out the newcomer through the dense gray cloud itleft behind.
Harry pointed the wand into themiddle ofit.
"Don'tmove!"
He had forgotten the portrait of Mrs. Black: At the sound of his yell, the curtains
hidingher flew open and she began to scream, "Mudbloods and filth dishonoring my
house ­"
Ron and Hermione came crashing down the stairs behind Harry, wands pointing,
like his, at the unknown man now standing withhis arms raised in the hallbelow.
"Hold your fire, it's me, Remus!"
"Oh, thank goodness," said Hermione weakly, pointingher wand at Mrs. Black
instead; with a bang, the curtains swished shut again and silence fell. Ron too lowered his
wand, but Harry did not.
"Show yourself!"he called back.
Lupinmoved forward into thelamplight, hands stillheld highin a gesture of
surrender.
"I amRemus John Lupin, werewolf, sometimes known as Moony, one of thefour
creators of the Marauder's Map, married to Nymphadora, usually known as Tonks, and I

taughtyou how to produce a Patronus, Harry, which takes theform of a stag."
"Oh, allright," said Harry, loweringhis wand, "but I had to check, didn't I?"
"Speaking as your ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, I quite agree that
youhad to check. Ron, Hermione, you shouldn't be so quick to lower your defenses."
They ran down the stairs towards him. Wrapped in a thick black traveling cloak,
helooked exhausted, but pleased to see them.
"No sign of Severus, then?"he asked.
"No," said Harry. "What's going on? Is everyone okay?'
"Yes," said Lupin, "but we're all being watched. There are a couple of Death
Eaters in the square outside ­"
"We know ­"
"I had to Apparate very precisely onto the top step outside thefront door to be
sure that they would not see me. They can't know you're inhere or I'm sure they'd have
more people out there; they're staking out everywhere that's got any connection withyou,
Harry. Let's go downstairs, there's a lot to tellyou, and I want to know what happened
after youleft the Burrow."
They descended into the kitchen, where Hermione pointed her wand at the grate.
A fire sprangup instantly:It gave theillusion of coziness to the stark stone walls and
glistened off thelong wooden table. Lupin pulled a few butterbeers from beneath his
traveling cloak and they sat down.
"I'd have been here three days ago but I needed to shake off the Death Eater
tailingme," said Lupin. "So, you came straighthere after the wedding?"
"No," said Harry, "only after we raninto a couple of Death Eaters in a café on
Tottenham Court Road."
Lupin slopped most ofhis butterbeer down his front.
"What?"
They explained whathad happened; when they had finished, Lupinlooked aghast.
"Buthow did theyfind you so quickly? It's impossible to track anyone who
Apparates, unless you grab hold of themas they disappear."
"And it doesn't seemlikely they were just strolling down Tottenham Court Road
at the time, does it?" said Harry.
"We wondered," said Hermione tentatively, "whether Harry could stillhave the
Trace on him?"
"Impossible," said Lupin. Ronlooked smug, and Harryfelthugely relieved.
"Apartfrom anything else, they'd know for sure Harry was here ifhe stillhad the Trace
on him, wouldn't they? But I can't see how they could have tracked you to Tottenham

Court Road, that's worrying, reallyworrying."
He looked disturbed, but as far as Harry was concerned, that question could wait.
"Tellus what happened after we left, we haven't heard a thing since Ron's dad
told us thefamilywas safe."
"Well, Kingsley saved us," said Lupin. "Thanks to his warningmost of the
weddingguests were able to Disapparate before they arrived."
"Were they Death Eaters or Ministry people?"interjected Hermione.
"Amixture; but to allintents and purposes they're the same thingnow," said
Lupin. "There were about a dozen of them, but they didn't know you were there, Harry.
Arthur heard a rumor that they tried to torture your whereabouts out of Scrimgeour
before
they killed him;ifit's true, he didn't give you away."
Harrylooked at Ron and Hermione; their expressions reflected themingled shock
and gratitude hefelt. He had never liked Scrimgeour much, butifwhat Lupin said was
true, theman's final act had been to try to protect Harry.
"The Death Eaters searched the Burrow fromtop to bottom,"Lupin went on.
"Theyfound the ghoul, but didn't want to get too close ­ and then theyinterrogated those
of us who remained for hours. They were trying to getinformation on you, Harry, but of
course nobody apartfrom the Order knew that youhad been there.
"At the same time that they were smashingup the wedding, more Death Eaters
were forcing their wayinto every Order-connected housein the country. No deaths,"he
added quickly, forestalling the question, "but they were rough. They burned down
Dedalus Diggle's house, but as you know he wasn't there, and theyused the Cruciarus
Curse on Tonks's family. Again, trying to find out where you went after youvisited them.
They're allright ­ shaken, obviously, but otherwise okay."
"The Death Eaters got through allthose protective charms?"
Harry asked, rememberinghow effective these had been on the nighthe had
crashed in Tonks's parents' garden.
"What you've got to realize, Harry, is that the Death Eaters have got thefull
might of the Ministry on their side now," said Lupin. "They've got the power to perform
brutal spells withoutfear ofidentification or arrest. Theymanaged to penetrate every
defensive spellwe'd cast against them, and once inside, they were completely open about
why they'd come."
"And are they bothering to give an excuse for torturing Harry's whereabouts out
of people?" asked Hermione, an edge to her voice.
"Well,"Lupin said. He hesitated, then pulled out a folded copy of the Daily

Prophet.
"Here,"he said, pushingit across the table to Harry, "you'llknow sooner or later
anyway. That's their pretextfor going after you."
Harry smoothed out the paper. A huge photograph of his ownface filled thefront
page. He read the headline over it:

  WANTED FOR QUESTIONING ABOUT
  THE DEATH OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

Ron and Hermione gave roars of outrage, but Harry said nothing. He pushed the
newspaper away;he did not want to read anymore:He knew whatit would say. Nobody
but those who had been on top of the tower when Dumbledore died knew who had really
killed him and, as Rita Skeeter had already told the Wizarding world, Harry had been
seen runningfrom the place moments after Dumbledore had fallen.
"I'm sorry, Harry," Lupin said.
"So Death Eaters have taken over the Daily Prophet too?" asked Hermione
furiously.
Lupinnodded.
"But surely people realize what's going on?"
"The coup has been smooth and virtually silent," said Lupin.
"The officialversion of Scrimgeour's murder is thathe resigned; he has been
replaced by Pius Thicknesse, who is under the Imperius Curse."
"Why didn't Voldemort declare himselfMinister of Magic?" asked Ron.
Lupinlaughed.
"He doesn't need to, Ron. Effectively, he is the Minister, but why should he sit
behind a desk at the Ministry? His puppet, Thicknesse, is taking care of everyday
business, leaving Voldemortfree to extend his power beyond the Ministry.
"Naturallymany people have deduced what has happened: There has been such a
dramatic changein Ministry policyin the lastfew days, and many are whispering that
Voldemortmust be behind it. However, thatis the point:They whisper. They daren't
confidein each other, not knowing whomto trust; they are scared to speak out, in case
their suspicions are true and theirfamilies are targeted. Yes, Voldemortis playing a very
clever game. Declaringhimselfmighthave provoked open rebellion:Remainingmasked
has created confusion, uncertainty, and fear."
"And this dramatic changein Ministry policy," said Harry, "involves warning the
Wizarding world againstmeinstead of Voldemort?"

"That's certainly a part of it," said Lupin, "and itis a masterstroke. Now that
Dumbledore is dead, you ­ the Boy Who Lived ­ were sure to be the symbol and rallying
pointfor any resistance to Voldemort. But by suggesting that you had a hand in the old
hat's death, Voldemort has not only set a price upon your head, but sown doubt and fear
amongstmany who would have defended you.
"Meanwhile, the Ministry has started moving against Muggle-borns."
Lupin pointed at the Daily Prophet.
"Look at page two."
Hermione turned the pages withmuch the same expression of distaste she had
when handling Secrets of the Darkest Art.
"Muggle-born Register!"she read aloud. "`The Ministry of Magic is undertaking
a survey of so-called "Muggle-borns" the better to understand how they came to
possess
magical secrets.
"`Recent research undertaken by the Department of Mysteries reveals that magic
can only be passed from person to person when Wizards reproduce. Where no
proven
Wizarding ancestry exists, therefore, the so-called Muggle-born is likely to have
obtained
magical power by theft or force.
"`The Ministry is determined to root out such usurpers of magical power, and to
this end has issued an invitation to every so-called Muggle-born to present
themselves for
interview by the newly appointed Muggle-born Registration Commission.'"
"People won'tlet this happen," said Ron.
"It is happening, Ron," said Lupin. "Muggle-borns are being rounded up as we
speak."
"Buthow are they supposed to have `stolen' magic?" said Ron. "It's mental, if
you could stealmagic there wouldn't be any Squibs, would there?"
"I know," said Lupin. "Nevertheless, unless you can prove that you have atleast
one close Wizarding relative, you are now deemed to have obtained your magicalpower
illegally and must suffer the punishment."
Ron glanced at Hermione, then said, "Whatif purebloods and halfbloods swear a
Muggle-born's part of their family? I'lltelleveryone Hermione's my cousin ­"
Hermione covered Ron's hand withhers and squeezed it.
"Thank you, Ron, but I couldn'tlet you ­"

"You won't have a choice," said Ron fiercely, grippingher hand back. "I'llteach
youmyfamilytree so you can answer questions onit."
Hermione gave a shaky laugh.
"Ron, as we're on the run with Harry Potter, themost wanted person in the
country, I don't think itmatters. If I was going back to schoolitwould be different.
What's Voldemort planningfor Hogwarts?" she asked Lupin.
"Attendance is now compulsoryfor everyyoung witch and wizard,"he replied.
"That was announced yesterday. It's a change, because it was never obligatory before.
Of
course, nearly every witch and wizard in Britainhas been educated at Hogwarts, but their
parents had the right to teach them at home or send them abroad if they preferred. This
way, Voldemort willhave the whole Wizarding population under his eyefrom a young
age. And it's also another way of weeding out Muggle-borns, because students must be
given Blood Status ­ meaning that they have proven to the Ministry that they are of
Wizard descent ­ before they are allowed to attend."
Harryfelt sickened and angry:At this moment, excited eleven-year-olds would be
poring over stacks of newly purchased spell-books, unaware that they would never see
Hogwarts, perhaps never see their families again either.
"It's . . . it's . . ."hemuttered, strugglingto find words that did justice to the
horror of his thoughts, but Lupin said quietly,
"I know."
Lupinhesitated.
I'llunderstand ifyou can't confirmthis, Harry, but the Order is under the
impression that Dumbledore leftyou a mission."
"He did," Harry replied, "and Ron and Hermione arein onit and they're coming
withme."
"Can you confideinme what themissionis?"
Harrylooked into the prematurelylined face, framed in thick but grayinghair,
and wished thathe could return a different answer.
"I can't, Remus, I'm sorry. If Dumbledore didn't tellyou I don't think I can."
"I thoughtyou'd say that," said Lupin, looking disappointed. "But I might stillbe
of some use to you. You know what I amand what I can do. I could come with you to
provide protection. There would be no need to tellme exactly whatyou were up to."
Harry hesitated. It was a very tempting offer, thoughhow they would be able to
keep theirmission secretfrom Lupinifhe were with them allthe timehe could not
imagine.

Hermione, however, looked puzzled.
"But what about Tonks?" she asked.
"What about her?" said Lupin.
"Well," said Hermione, frowning, "you're married! How does shefeel about you
going away withus?"
"Tonks willbe perfectly safe," said Lupin, "She'll be at her parents' house."
There was something strangein Lupin's tone, it was almost cold. There was also
something odd in theidea of Tonks remaininghidden at her parents' house; she was, after
all, amember of the Order and, as far as Harry knew, was likely to want to be in the thick
of the action.
"Remus," said Hermione tentatively, "is everything allright . . . you know . . .
between you and ­ "
"Everythingisfine, thank you," said Lupin pointedly.
Hermione turned pink. There was another pause, an awkward and embarrassed
one, and then Lupin said, with an air offorcinghimselfto admit somethingunpleasant,
"Tonks is going to have a baby."
"Oh, how wonderful!" squealed Hermione.
"Excellent!" said Ron enthusiastically.
"Congratulations," said Harry.
Lupingave an artificial smile that was more like a grimace, then said, "So . . . do
you accept my offer? Willthree become four? I cannot believe that Dumbledore would
have disapproved, he appointed me your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, after all.
And I must tellyou that I believe we are facingmagicmany of us have never
encountered or imagined."
Ron and Hermione bothlooked at Harry.
"Just ­ just to be clear,"he said. "You want to leave Tonks at her parents' house
and come away withus?"
"She'llbe perfectly safe there, they'lllook after her," said Lupin. He spoke with a
finality bordering onindifference:"Harry, I'm sure James would have wanted me to stick
withyou."
"Well," said Harry slowly, "I'mnot. I'm pretty suremyfather would have wanted
to know whyyou aren't sticking withyour own kid, actually."
Lupin's face drained of color. The temperature in the kitchenmighthave dropped
ten degrees. Ron stared around the roomas thoughhe had been bidden to memorizeit,
while Hermione's eyes swiveled backward and forward fromHarry to Lupin.
"You don't understand," said Lupin atlast.

"Explain, then," said Harry.
Lupin swallowed.
"I ­ I made a gravemistake inmarryingTonks. I did it againstmy better
judgment and have regretted itvery much every since."
"I see," said Harry, "so you're justgoingto dump her and the kid and run off with
us?"
Lupin sprang to hisfeet:His chair toppled over backward, and he glared at them
so fiercely that Harry saw, for thefirst time ever, she shadow of the wolfupon his human
face.
"Don't you understand what I've done to my wife and myunborn child? I should
never havemarried her, I'vemade her an outcast!"
Lupin kicked aside the chair he had overturned.
"You have only ever seen me amongst the Order, or under Dumbledore's
protection at Hogwarts! You don't know how most of the Wizarding world sees
creatures
likeme! When they know ofmy affliction, they can barely talk to me! Don'tyou see
what I've done?
Even her ownfamilyis disgusted by our marriage, what parents want their only
daughter to marry a werewolf? And the child ­ the child ­ "
Lupin actuallyseized handfuls of his ownhair; helooked quite deranged.
"My kind don't usually breed! It willbe likeme, I am convinced ofit ­ how can I
forgivemyself, when I knowinglyrisked passing on my own condition to an innocent
child? And if, by somemiracle, itis notlike me, thenit willbe better off, a hundred times
so, without afather of whomitmust always be ashamed!"
"Remus!"whispered Hermione, tears inher eyes. "Don't say that ­ how could
any child be ashamed of you?"
"Oh, I don't know, Hermione," said Harry. "I'd be pretty ashamed of him."
Harry did not know where his rage was comingfrom, butithad propelled himto
hisfeet too. Lupinlooked as though Harry had hithim.
"If the new regime thinks Muggle-borns are bad," Harry said, "what willthey do
to a half-werewolf whose father's in the Order? My father died trying to protect my
mother and me, and you reckon he'd tellyou to abandon your kid to go on an adventure
withus?"
"How ­ how dare you?" said Lupin. "Thisisnot about a desirefor ­ for danger or
personalglory ­ how dare you suggest such a ­ "
"I think you're feeling a bit of a daredevil," Harry said, "You fancy steppinginto

Sirius's shoes ­"
"Harry, no!" Hermione begged him, but he continued to glareinto Lupin's livid
face.
"I'd never have believed this," Harry said. "Theman who taughtme to fight
dementors ­ a coward."
Lupin drew his wand so fast that Harry had barely reached for his own; there was
a loud bang and hefelthimselfflying backward as if punched; as he slammed into the
kitchen walland slid to thefloor, he glimpsed the tail of Lupin's cloak disappearing
around the door.
"Remus, Remus, come back!" Hermione cried, but Lupin did not respond. A
momentlater they heard thefront door slam.
"Harry!"wailed Hermione. "How could you?"
"It was easy," said Harry. He stood up, he could feel a lump swelling where his
head had hit the wall. He was stillso fullof anger he was shaking.
"Don'tlook atmelike that!"he snapped at Hermione.
"Don't you start on her!" snarled Ron.
"No ­ no ­ we mustn'tfight!" said Hermione, launchingherself between them.
"You shouldn't have said that stuff to Lupin,"Ron told Harry.
"He had it coming to him," said Harry. Broken images were racing each other
throughhismind: Siriusfalling through the veil;Dumbledore suspended, broken, in
midair; aflash ofgreen light and hismother's voice, beggingfor mercy . . .
"Parents," said Harry, "shouldn'tleave their kids unless ­ unless they've got to."
"Harry ­" said Hermione, stretching out a consolinghand, but he shrugged it off
and walked away, his eyes on thefire Hermione had conjured. He had once spoken to
Lupin out of thatfireplace, seeking reassurance about James, and Lupinhad consoled
him. Now Lupin's tortured whiteface seemed to swimin the air before him. Hefelt a
sickening surge of remorse. Neither Ronnor Hermione spoke, but Harry felt sure that
they werelooking at each other behind his back, communicating silently.
He turned around and caught themturninghurriedly away form each other.
"I know I shouldn't have called him a coward."
"No, you shouldn't," said Ron at once.
"Buthe's actinglike one."
"Allthe same . . ." said Hermione.
"I know," said Harry. "Butifitmakes himgo back to Tonks, it'llbe worthit,
won'tit?"
He could not keep the plea out ofhis voice. Hermionelooked sympathetic, Ron

uncertain. Harrylooked down at hisfeet, thinking ofhisfather. Would James have
backed Harryin what he had said to Lupin, or would he have been angry at how his son
had treated his old friend?
The silent kitchen seemed to humwith the shock of the recent scene and with Ron
and Hermione's unspoken reproaches. The Daily Prophet Lupinhad brought was still
lying on the table, Harry's ownface staringup at the ceilingfromthefront page. He
walked over to it and sat down, opened the paper at random, and pretended to read. He
could not take in the words; his mind was stilltoo fullof the encounter with Lupin. He
was sure that Ron and Hermione had resumed their silent communications on the other
side of the Prophet. He turned a page loudly, and Dumbledore's nameleapt out at him. It
was amoment or two before he took inthemeaning of the photograph, which showed a
familygroup. Beneath the photograph were the words: The Dumbledore family, left to
right: Albus; Percival, holding newborn Ariana; Kendra, and Aberforth.
His attention caught, Harry examined the picture more carefully. Dumbledore's
father, Percival, was a good-lookingman with eyes that seemed to twinkle evenin this
faded old photograph. The baby, Ariana, was a littlelonger than a loaf of bread and no
more distinctive-looking. Themother, Kendra, had jet black hair pulled into a high bun.
Her face had a carved quality aboutit. Harry thought of photos of Native Americans he'd
seen as he studied her dark eyes, high cheekbones, and straightnose, formally composed
above a high-necked silk gown. Albus and Aberforth worematchinglacy collared jackets
and had identical, shoulder-lengthhairstyles. Albus looked severalyears older, but
otherwise the two boys looked very alike, for this was before Albus's nose had been
broken and before he started wearingglasses.
Thefamilylooked quite happy and normal, smiling serenelyup out of the
newspaper. Baby Ariana's armwaved vaguely out of her shawl. Harrylooked above the
picture and saw the headline:

 EXCLUSIVEEXTRACTFROM UPCOMING
  BIOGRAPHY OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
   by Rita Skeeter

Thinkingit could hardlymake himfeel any worse than he already did, Harry
began to read:


Proud and haughty, Kendra Dumbledore could not bear to remainin Mould-on-the-

Wold after her husband Percival's well-publicized arrest and imprisonmentin
Azkaban. She therefore decided to uproot thefamily and relocate to Godric's Hollow,
the village that was later to gainfame as the scene of Harry Potter's strange escape
fromYou-Know-Who.
Like Mould-on-the-Wold, Godric's Hollow was home to a number of Wizarding
families, but as Kendra knew none of them, she would be spared the curiosity about
her husband's crime she had faced inherformer village. By repeatedly rebuffingthe
friendly advances of her new Wizarding neighbors, she soon ensured thather family
was leftwell alone.
"Slammed the door inmyface when I went around to welcome her with a batch
of homemade Cauldron Cakes," says Bathilda Bagshot. "Thefirst year they were
there I only ever saw the two boys. Wouldn'thave known there was a daughter ifI
hadn't been picking Plangentines bymoonlight the winter after theymoved in, and
saw Kendra leading Ariana outinto the back garden. Walked her round thelawn once,
keeping afirmgrip on her, then took her back inside. Didn't know what to make of
it."
It seems that Kendra thought themove to Godric's Hollow was the perfect
opportunity to hide Ariana once and for all, something she had probably been
planningfor years. The timing was significant. Ariana was barely seven years old
when she vanished from sight, and sevenis the age by whichmost experts agree that
magicwillhave revealed itself,if present. Nobody now alive remembers Ariana ever
demonstrating even the slightest sign of magical ability. It seems clear, therefore, that
Kendramade a decision to hide her daughter's existence rather than suffer the shame
of admitting that she had produced a Squib. Moving awayfrom thefriends and
neighbors who knew Ariana would, of course, make imprisoningher allthe easier.
The tinynumber of people who henceforth knew of Ariana's existence could be
counted upon to keep the secret, includingher two brothers, who had deflected
awkward questions with the answer theirmother had taught them. "My sister is too
frailfor school."
Next week: Albus Dumbledore at Hogwarts ­ the Prizes and the Pretense.

Harry had been wrong:What he had read had indeed made himfeelworse. He
looked back at the photograph of the apparentlyhappy family. Was it true? How could
he
find out? He wanted to go to Godric's Hollow, even if Bathilda was inno fit state to talk
to him:he wanted to visit the place where he and Dumbledore had bothlostloved ones.

He was in the process oflowering the newspaper, to ask Ron's and Hermione's opinions,
when a deafening crack echoed around the kitchen.
For thefirst timein three days Harry had forgotten allabout Kreacher. His
immediate thought was that Lupinhad burst back into the room, and for a split second, he
did not take in themass of strugglinglimbs thathad appeared out of thin air right beside
his chair. He hurried to hisfeet as Kreacher disentangled himself and, bowinglow to
Harry, croaked, "Kreacher has returned with the thief Mundungus Fletcher, Master."
Mundungus scrambled up and pulled out his wand; Hermione, however, was too
quick for him.
"Expelliarmus!"
Mundungus's wand soared into the air, and Hermione caughtit. Wild-eyed,
Mundungus dived for the stairs. Ron rugby-tackled him and Mundungushit the stone
floor with a muffled crunch.
"What?"he bellowed, writhinginhis attempts to free himselffromRon's grip.
"Wha've I done? Setting a bleedin' `house-elf on me, what are you playing at, wha've I
done, lemmego, lemmego, of ­ "
"You're notinmuch of a position to make threats," said Harry. He threw aside
the newspaper, crossed the kitchenin afew strides, and dropped to his knees beside
Mundungus, who stopped struggling andlooked terrified. Ron got up, panting, and
watched as Harry pointed his wand deliberately at Mundungus's nose. Mundungus stank
of stale sweat and tobacco smoke. His hair was matted and his robes stained.
"Kreacher apologizes for the delay in bringing the thief, Master," croaked the elf.
"Fletcher knows how to avoid capture, has manyhidey-holes and accomplices.
Nevertheless, Kreacher cornered the thiefin the end."
"You've done really well, Kreacher," said Harry, and the elf bowed low.
"Right, we've got a few questions for you," Harry told Mundungus, who shouted
at once.
"I panicked, okay? I never wanted to come along, no offense, mate, but I never
volunteered to diefor you, an' that was bleedin' You-Know-Who comeflying atme,
anyone woulda got outta there. I said allalong I didn't wanna do it ­"
"For your information, none of the rest of us Disapparated," said Hermione.
"Well, you're a bunch of bleedin' `eroes then, aren't you, but I never pretended I
was up for killingmeself ­"
"We're notinterested in whyyou ran out on Mad-Eye," said Harry, movinghis
wand a little closer to Mundungus's baggy, bloodshot eyes. "We already knew you were
an unreliable bit of scum."

"Wellthen, why the `ell amI being `unted down by `ouse-elves? Or is this about
themgoblets again? I ain't got none of `emleft, or you could `ave `em ­"
"It's not about the goblets either, althoughyou're getting warmer," said Harry.
"Shutup and listen."
It feltwonderfulto have something to do, someone of whomhe could demand
some small portion of truth. Harry's wand was now so close to the bridge of
Mundungus's nose that Mundungus had gone cross-eyed trying to keep itinview.
"Whenyou cleaned out this house of anythingvaluable," Harry began, but
Mundungusinterrupted him again.
"Sirius never cared about any of the junk ­"
There was the sound of patteringfee, a blaze of shining copper, an echoing clang,
and a shriek of agony; Kreacher had taken a run at Mundungus and hithim over the head
with a saucepan.
"Call`im off, call`im off, `e should be locked up!" screamed Mundungus,
cowering as Kreacher raised the heavy-bottomed pan again.
"Kreacher, no!" shouted Harry.
Kreacher's thin arms trembled with the weight of the pan, stillheld aloft.
"Perhaps just onemore, Master Harry, for luck?"
Ronlaughed.
"We need him conscious, Kreacher, butifhe needs persuading, you can do the
honors," said Harry.
"Thank you very much, Master," said Kreacher with a bow, and he retreated a
short distance, his great pale eyes stillfixed upon Mundungus withloathing.
"Whenyou stripped this house of allthevaluables you could find," Harry began
again, "you took a bunch of stufffromthe kitchen cupboard. There was a locket there."
Harry's mouth was suddenly dry:He could sense Ron and Hermione's tension and
excitement too. "What did you do withit?"
"Why?" asked Mundungus. "Is itvaluable?"
"You've stillgotit!" cried Hermione.
"No, he hasn't," said Ron shrewdly. "He's wondering whether he should have
asked moremoneyfor it."
"More?" said Mundungus. "That wouldn'thave been effing difficult . . .bleedin'
gaveit away, di'n' I? No choice."
"What do youmean?"
"I was sellingin Diagon Alley and she come up to me and asks if I've got a
licensefor tradinginmagical artifacts. Bleedin' snoop. She was gonnafineme, but she

took a fancy to thelocket an' told me she'd take it and letme off that time, and to fink
meselflucky."
"Who was this woman?" asked Harry.
"I dunno, some Ministry hag."
Mundungus considered for a moment, brow wrinkled.
"Little woman. Bow on top of `er head."
Hefrowned and then added, "Looked like a toad."
Harry dropped his wand:It hit Mundungus on the nose and shot red sparks into
his eyebrows, whichignited.
"Aquamenti!" screamed Hermione, and a jet of water streamed fromher wand,
engulfing a spluttering and choking Mundungus.
Harry looked up and saw his own shock reflected in Ron's and Hermione's faces.
The scars on the back of his righthand seemed to be tingling again.


Chapter Twelve
Magic is Might

As August wore on, the square of unkempt grass in themiddle of Grimmauld
Place shriveled in the sununtilit was brittle and brown. Theinhabitants of number
twelve were never seen by anyonein the surroundinghouses, and nor was number twelve
itself. Themuggles who lived in Grimmauld Place had long since accepted the amusing
mistake in the numbering that had caused number eleven to sit beside number thirteen.
And yet the square was now attracting a trickle ofvisitors who seemed to find the
anomalymostintriguing. Barely a day passed without one or two people arrivingin
Grimmauld Place withno other purpose, or so it seemed, than to lean against the railings
facingnumbers eleven and thirteen, watching the join between the two houses. The
lurkers were never the same two days running, although they allseemed to share a dislike
for normal clothing. Most of the Londoners who passed themwere used to eccentric
dressers and took littlenotice, though occasionally one of themmightglance back,
wondering why anyone would wear cloaks in thisheat.
The watchers seemed to be gleaninglittle satisfactionfromtheir vigil.
Occasionally one of them started forward excitedly, as if they had seen something
interesting atlast, only to fall back looking disappointed.
On thefirst day of September there were more peoplelurkingin the square than
ever before. Half a dozen meninlong cloaks stood silent and watchful, gazing as ever at

houses eleven and thirteen, but the thingfor which they were waiting stillappeared
elusive. As evening drew in, bringing withit an unexpected gust of chilly rainfor thefirst
timein weeks, there occurred one of those inexplicablemoments when they appeared to
have seen somethinginteresting. Theman with the twisted face pointed and his closest
companion, a podgy, pallid man, started forward, but a momentlater they had relaxed
into their previous state ofinactivity, lookingfrustrated and disappointed.
Meanwhile, inside number twelve, Harryhad just entered the hall. He had nearly
lost his balance as he Apparated onto the top step just outside thefront door, and thought
that the Death Eaters mighthave caught a glimpse of his momentarily exposed elbow.
Shutting thefront door carefully behind him, he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, draped
it over his arm, and hurried along the gloomyhallway toward the door thatled to the
basement, a stolen copy of the Daily Prophet clutched inhishand.
The usuallow whisper of"Severus Snape" greeted him, the chillwind swept him,
and his tongue rolled up for a moment.
"I didn't killyou,"he said, once ithad unrolled, then held his breath as the dusty
jinx-figure exploded. He waited untilhe was halfway down the stairs to the kitchen, out
of earshot of Mrs. Black and clear of the dust cloud, before calling, "I've got news, and
you won'tlikeit."
The kitchen was almost unrecognizable. Every surface now shone; Copper pots
and pans had been burnished to a rosy glow; the wooden tabletop gleamed; the goblets
and plates alreadylaid for dinner glinted inthelightfrom a merrily blazingfire, on which
a cauldron was simmering. Nothingin the room, however, was more dramatically
different than the house-elf who now camehurrying toward Harry, dressed in a snowy-
white towel, his ear hair as clean and fluffy as cotton wool, Regulus's locket bouncing on
his thin chest.
"Shoes off, ifyou please, Master Harry, and hands washed before dinner,"
croaked Kreacher, seizing the Invisibility Cloak and slouching off to hangit on a hook on
the wall, beside a number of old-fashioned robes that had been freshlylaundered.
"What's happened?" Ron asked apprehensively. He are Hermione had been
pouring over a sheaf of scribbled notes and hand drawnmaps thatlittered the end of the
long kitchen table, but now they watched Harry as he strode toward them and threw
down
the newspaper on top of their scattered parchment.
A large picture of a familiar, hook-nosed, black-haired man stared up at them all,
beneath a headline that read:

SEVERUS SNAPECONFIRMED AS HOGWARTS HEADMASTER


"No!" said Ron and Hermioneloudly.
Hermione was quickest; she snatched up the newspaper and began to read the
accompanying story outloud.
"Severus Snape, long-standing Potions master at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and wizardry, was today appointed headmaster in the most important of several
staffing
changes at the ancient school. Following the resignation of the previous Muggle
Studies
teacher, Alecto Carrow will take over the post while her brother, Amycus, fills the
position of Defense Against the Dark Arts professor."
" `I welcome the opportunity to uphold our finest Wizarding traditions and values
­` Like committingmurder and cutting offpeople's ears, I suppose! Snape, headmaster!
Snape in Dumbledore's study ­ Merlin's pants!" she shrieked, making both Harry and
Ron jump. She leapt up from the table and hurtled from the room, shouting as she went,
"I'llbe back in aminute!"
"'Merlin's pants'?" repeated Ron, looking amused. "Shemust be upset." He
pulled the newspaper toward him and perused the article about Snape.
"The other teachers won't stand for this, McGonagalland Flitwick and Sprout all
know the truth, they know how Dumbledore died. They won't accept Snape as
headmaster. And who are these Carrows?"
"Death Eaters," said Harry. "There are pictures of theminside. They were at the
top of the tower when Snape killed Dumbledore, so it's allfriends together. And,"Harry
went on bitterly, drawingup a chair, "I can't see that the other teachers have got any
choice but to stay. If the Ministry and Voldemort are behind Snape it'llbe a choice
between staying and teaching, or a nice few years in Azkaban ­ and that's if they're
lucky. I reckon they'llstay to try and protect the students."
Kreacher came bustling to the table with a large curcen inhis hands, and ladled
out soup into pristine bowls, whistling between his teeth as he did so.
"Thanks, Kreacher," said Harry, flipping over the Prophet so as not to have to
look at Snape's face. "Well, atleast we know exactly where Snape is now."
He began to spoon soup into hismouth. The quality of Kreacher's cookinghad
improved dramatically ever since he had been given Regulus's locket:Today's French

onion was as good as Harry had ever tasted.
"There are stillaload of Death Eaters watching this house,"he told Ron as he ate,
"more than usual. It's like they're hopingwe'llmarch out carrying our school trunks and
head offfor the Hogwarts Express."
Ron glanced at his watch.
"I've been thinking about that all day. It leftnearly sixhours ago. Weird, not
being on it, isn'tit?"
In hismind's eye Harry seemed to see the scarlet steam engine as he and Ron had
oncefollowed it by air, shimmering between fields and hills, a rippling scarlet caterpillar.
He was sure Ginny, Neville, and Luna were sitting together at thismoment, perhaps
wondering where he, Ron, and Hermione were, or debatinghow best to undermine
Snape's new regime.
"Theynearly saw me coming back in just now," Harry said, "I landed badly on
the top step, and the Cloak slipped."
"I do that every time. Oh, here sheis," Ron added, craning around inhis seat to
watch Hermione reentering the kitchen. "And whatin the name of Merlin's most baggy
Y Fronts was that about?"
"I remembered this," Hermione panted.
She was carrying alarge, framed picture, which she now lowered to thefloor
before seizingher small, beaded bag fromthe kitchen sideboard. Openingit, she
proceeded to force the paintinginside and despite thefact thatit was patently too large to
fitinside the tiny bag, within afew seconds ithad vanished, like so much ease, into the
bag's capacious depths.
"Phineas Nigellus,"Hermione explained as she threw the bag onto the kitchen
table with the usual sonorous, clanking crash.
"Sorry?" said Ron, but Harry understood. The painted image of Phineas Nigellus
Black was able to travel between his portraitin Grimmauld Place and the one thathungin
the headmaster's office at Hogwarts:the circular cower-top room where Snape was no
doubt sitting rightnow, in triumphant possession of Dumbledore's collection of delicate,
silver magicalinstruments, the stone Pensieve, the Sorting Hat and, unless it ad been
moved elsewhere, the sword of Gryffindor.
"Snape could send Phineas Nigellus to look inside this housefor him,"Hermione
explained to Ron as she resumed her seat. "Butlet himtryitnow, all Phineas Nigellus
willbe able to see is theinside ofmyhandbag."
"Good thinking!"said Ron, lookingimpressed.
"Thank you," smiled Hermione, pullingher soup toward her. "So, Harry, what

else happened today?"
"Nothing," said Harry. "Watched the Ministry entrance for seven hours. No sign
of her. Saw your dad though, Ron. He looks fine."
Ron nodded his appreciation of this news. The had agreed thatit was far too
dangerous to try and communicate with Mr. Weasley whilehe walked in and out of the
Ministry, because he was always surrounded by other Ministry workers. It was, however,
reassuring to catch these glimpses of him, evenifhe did look very strained and anxious.
"Dad always told us most Ministry people use the Floo Network to get to work,"
Ron said. "That's why we haven't seen Umbridge, she'd never walk, she'd think she's
too important."
"And what about thatfunny old witch and thatlittle wizard in the navy robes?"
Hermione asked.
"Oh yeah, the blokefrom Magical Maintenance," said Ron.
"How do you know he works for Magical Maintenance?" Hermione asked, her
soupspoon suspended inmidair.
"Dad said everyonefrom Magical Maintenance wears navy blue robes."
"Butyou never told us that!"
Hermione dropped her spoon and pulled toward her the sheaf of notes and maps
that she and Ron had been examining when Harry had entered the kitchen.
"There's nothinginhere about navy blue robes, nothing!"she said, flipping
feverishly through the pages.
"Well, dies it reallymatter?"
"Ron, it allmatters! If we're going to getinto the Ministry and not give ourselves
away when they're bound to be on thelookoutfor intruders, everylittle detailmatters!
We've been over and over this, I mean, what's the point of allthese reconnaissance trips
ifyou aren't even bothering to tellus ­"
"Blimey, Hermione, I forget onelittle thing ­ "
"You do realize, don't you, that there's probablyno more dangerous place in the
whole world for us to be rightnow than the Ministry of ­"
"I think we should do it tomorrow," said Harry.
Hermione stopped dead, her jaw hanging;Ron choked a little over his soup.
"Tomorrow?" repeated Hermione. "You aren't serious, Harry?"
"I am," said Harry. "I don't think we're going to be much better prepared than we
are now even if we skulk around the Ministry entrance for another month. Thelonger we
putit off, thefarther away thatlocket could be. There's already a good chance Umbridge
has chucked it away; the thing doesn't open."

"Unless," said Ron, "she's found a way of openingit and she's now possessed."
"Wouldn'tmake any difference to her, she was so evilin thefirst place," Harry
shrugged.
Hermione was bitingher lip, deep in thought.
"We know everythingimportant," Harry went on, addressing Hermione. "We
know they've stopped Apparitionin and out of the Ministry; We know only the most
senior Ministrymembers are allowed to connect their homes to the Floo Network now,
because Ron heard those two Unspeakables complaining aboutit. And we know roughly
where Umbridge's officeis, because of what you heard the bearded bloke saying to his
mate ­"
"'I'll be up on level one, Dolores wants to see me,'" Hermione recited
immediately.
"Exactly," said Harry. "And we know you getinusing those funny coins, or
tokens, or whatever they are, because I saw that witch borrowing onefromher friend ­ "
"But we haven't got any!"
"If the plan works, we willhave," Harry continued calmly.
"I don't know, Harry, I don't know ... There are an awfullot of things that could
go wrong, so much relies on chance ... "
That'll be true evenifwe spend another three months preparing," said Harry. "It's
time to act."
He could tellfromRon's and Hermione's faces that they were scared; he was not
particularly confident himself, and yet he was sure the timehad come to put their plan
into operation.
Theyhad spent the previous four weeks takingitin turns to don the Invisibility
Cloak and spy on the official entrance to the Ministry, which Ron, thanks to Mr. Weasley,
had known since childhood. Theyhad tailed Ministry workers on their wayin,
eavesdropped on their conversations, and learned by carefulobservation which ofthem
could be relied upon to appear, alone, at the same time every day. Occasionally there had
been a chance to sneak a Daily Prophet out of somebody's briefcase. Slowly they had
builtup the sketchymaps and notes now stacked infront of Hermione.
"Allright," said Ron slowly, "let's say we go for it tomorrow ... I think it should
just be me and Harry."
"Oh, don't start that again!" sighed Hermione. "I thought we'd settled this."
"It's one thinghanging around the entrances under the Cloak, but thisis different.
Hermione," Ron jabbed a finger at a copy of the Daily Prophet dated ten days
previously.

"You're on thelist of Muggle-borns who didn't present themselves for interrogation!"
"And you're supposed to be dying of spattergroit at the Burrow! If anyone
shouldn't go, it's Harry, he's got a ten-thousand-Galleon price on his head ­ "
"Fine, I'llstay here," said Harry. "Letme know ifyou ever defeat Voldemort,
won't you?"
As Ron and Hermionelaughed, pain shot through the scar on Harry's forehead.
His hand jumped to it. He saw Hermione's eyes narrow, and he tried to pass offthe
movement by brushinghis hair out ofhis eyes.
"Well,if allthree of us go we'llhave to Disapparate separately,"Ron was saying.
"We can't allfitunder the Cloak anymore."
Harry's scar was becomingmore and more painful. He stood up. At once,
Kreacher hurried forward.
"Master has notfinished his soup, would master prefer the savory stew, or else the
treacle tart to which Master is so partial?"
"Thanks, Kreacher, but I'llbe back in aminute ­ er ­ bathroom."
Aware that Hermione was watchinghimsuspiciously, Harryhurried up the stairs
to the halland then to thefirstlanding, where he dashed into the bathroom and bolted the
door again. Grunting with pain, he slumped over the black basin withits taps in the form
of open-mouthed serpents and closed his eyes ....
He was gliding along a twilit street. The buildings on either side of himhad high,
timbered gables; theylooked like gingerbread houses. He approached one of them, then
saw the whiteness ofhis ownlong-fingered hand against the door. He knocked. He felt a
mounting excitement ...
The door opened:A laughing woman stood there. Her face fell as shelooked into
Harry's face:humor gone, terror replacingit ....
"Gregorovitch?" said a high, cold voice.
She shook her head: She was trying to close the door. A white hand held it steady,
prevented her shuttinghim out ...
"I want Gregorovitch."
"Er wohnt hier nicht mehr!" she cried, shakingher head. "He no livehere! He no
livehere! I know himnot!"
Abandoning the attempt to close the door, she began to back away down the dark
hall, and Harryfollowed, gliding toward her, and his long-fingered hand had drawn his
wand.
"whereis he?"
"Das weiff ich nicht! He move! I know not, I know not!"

He raised hishand. She screamed. Two young children came runninginto the hall.
She tried to shield themwithher arms. There was aflash ofgreen light ­
"Harry! HARRY!"
He opened his eyes; he had sunk to the floor. Hermione was pounding on the door
again.
"Harry, open up!"
He had shouted out, he knew it. He got up and unbolted the door; Hermione
toppled inside at once, regained her balance, and looked around suspiciously. Ron was
right behind her, lookingunnerved as he pointed his wand into the corners of the chilly
bathroom.
"What were you doing?" asked Hermione sternly.
"What d'you think I was doing?" asked Harry withfeeble bravado.
"You were yellingyour head off!" said Ron.
"Oh yeah ... I must've dozed off or ­ "
"Harry, please don'tinsult our intelligence," said Hermione, taking deep breaths.
"We know your scar hurt downstairs, and you're white as a sheet."
Harry sat down on the edge of the bath.
"Fine. I've just seen Voldemortmurdering a woman. By now he's probably killed
her wholefamily. And he didn't need to. It was Cedric all over again, they were just there
... "
"Harry, you aren't supposed to let this happen anymore!" Hermione cried, her
voice echoing through the bathroom. "Dumbledore wanted you to use Occlumency! HE
thought the connection was dangerous ­ Voldemort can use it, Harry! What good is it to
watch him killand torture, how canithelp?"
"Because itmeans I know what he's doing," said Harry.
"So you're not even going to try to shuthim out?"
"Hermione, I can't. You know I'mlousy at Occlumency. I never got the hang of
it."
"You never really tried!" she said hotly. "I don't getit, Harry ­ do you like having
this special connection or relationship or what ­ whatever ­ "
 She faltered under thelook he gave her as he stood up.
"Like it?"he said quietly. "Would you like it?"
"I ­ no ­ I'm sorry, Harry. I just didn't mean ­ "
"I hate it, I hate thefact that he can getinside me, that I have to watch himwhen
he's most dangerous. But I'mgoing to use it."
"Dumbledore ­"

"Forget Dumbledore. Thisis my choice, nobody else's. I want to know whyhe's
after Gregorovitch."
"Who?"
"He's a foreign wandmaker," said Harry. "Hemade Krum's wand and Krum
reckons he's brilliant."
"But according to you," said Ron, "Voldemort's got Ollivander locked up
somewhere. Ifhe's already got a wandmaker, what does he need another onefor?"
"Maybe he agrees with Krum, maybe he thinks Gregorovitch is better ... or else
he thinks Gregorovitch willbe able to explain whatmy wand did when he was chasing
me, because Ollivander didn't know."
Harry glanced into the cracked, dusty mirror and saw Ron and Hermione
exchanging skepticallooks behind his back.
"Harry, you keep talking about what your wand did," said Hermione, "but you
made ithappen! Why are you so determined not to take responsibilityfor your own
power?"
"Because I know itwasn'tme! And so does Voldemort, Hermione! We both
know what reallyhappened!"
Theyglared at each other; Harry knew that he had not convinced Hermione and
that she was marshaling counterarguments, against both his theory on his wand and the
fact that he was permittinghimselfto seeinto Voldemort's mind. To his relief, Ron
intervened.
"Drop it,"he advised her. "It's up to him. And if we're going to the Ministry
tomorrow, don'tyou reckon we should go over the plan?"
Reluctantly, as the other two could tell, Hermionelet thematter rest, though
Harry was quite sure she would attack again at thefirst opportunity. In themeantime,
they returned to the basement kitchen, where Kreacher served them allstew and treacle
tart.
They did not get to bed untillate that night, after spendinghours going over and
over their plan untilthey could reciteit, word perfect, to each other. Harry, who was now
sleepingin Sirius's room, lay in bed with his wandlight trained on the old photograph of
hisfather, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew, and muttered the plan to himselffor another ten
minutes. As he extinguished his wand, however, he was thinkingnot of Polyjuice Potion,
Puking Pastilles, or the navy blue robes of Magical Maintenance; he though of
Gregorovitch the wandmaker, and how longhe could hope to remainhidden while
Voldemort soughthimso determinedly.
Dawn seemed to follow midnight withindecenthaste.

"Youlook terrible," was Ron's greeting as he entered the room to wake Harry.
"Notfor long," said Harry, yawning.
Theyfound Hermione downstairs in the kitchen. She was being served coffee and
hot rolls by Kreacher and wearing the slightlymanic expression that Harry associated
with exam review.
"Robes," she said under her breath, acknowledging their presence with a nervous
nod and continuing to poke around inher beaded bag, "Polyjuice Potion ... Invisibiliity
Cloak ... Decoy Detonators ... You should each take a couple justin case ... Puking
Pastilles, Nosebleed Norgat, Extendable Ears ..."
Theygulped down their breakfast, then set offupstairs, Kreacher bowing them
out and promising to have a steak-and-kidney pie ready for themwhen they returned.
"Bless him,"said Ron fondly, "and whenyou think I used to fantasize about
cutting offhis head and stickingit on the wall."
Theymade their way onto thefront step withimmense caution. They could see a
couple of puffy-eyed Death Eaters watching thehouse from across themisty square.
Hermione Disapparated with Ron first, then came back for Harry.
After the usual brief spell of darkness and near suffocation, Harryfound himself
inthe tiny alleyway where thefirst phase of their plan was scheduled to take place. It was
as yet deserted, except for a couple oflarge bins; thefirst Ministry workers did not
usually appear here until atleast eight o'clock.
"Right then," said Hermione, checkingher watch. "she ought to be here in about
fiveminutes. When I've Stunned her ­"
"Hermione, we know," said Ron sternly. "And I thought we were supposed to
open the door before she got here?"
Hermione squealed.
"I nearlyforgot! Stand back ­"
She pointed her wand at the padlocked and heavilygraffitied fire door beside
them, which burst open with a crash. The dark corridor behind itled, as they knew from
their carefulscouting trips, into an empty theater. Hermione pulled the door back toward
her, to make itlook as thoughtit was stillclosed.
"And now," she said, turning, back to face the other two in the alleyway, "we put
on the Cloak again ­"
"--and we wait," Ronfinished, throwingit over Hermione's head like a blanket
over a birdcage and rollinghis eyes at Harry.
Littlemore than a minutelater, there was a tiny pop and alittle Ministry witch
withflyaway gray hair Apparated feetfrom them, blinking alittlein the sudden

brightness: the sunhad just come outfrombehind a cloud. She barelyhad time to enjoy
the unexpected warmth, however, before Hermione's silent Stunning Spellhitherin the
chest and she toppled over.
"Nicely done, Hermione," said Ron, emerging behind a bin beside the theater
door as Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak. Together they carried thelittle witchinto
the dark passageway thatled backstage. Hermione plucked a few hairs fromthe witch's
head and added them to a flask of muddy Polyjuice Potion she had taken fromthe
beaded
bag. Ron was rummaging through thelittle witch's handbag.
"She's Mafalda Hopkirk,"he said, reading a small card thatidentified their victim
as an assistantin the Improper Use of Magic Office. "You'd better take this, Hermione,
and here are the tokens."
He passed her several smallgolden coins, all embossed with theletters M.O.M.,
which he had taken from the witch's purse.
Hermione drank the Polyjuice Potion, which was now a pleasant heliotrope color,
and within seconds stood before them, the double of Mafalda Hopkirk. As she removed
Mafalda's spectacles and put them on, Harry checked his watch.
"We're runninglate, Mr. Magical Maintenance will be here any second."
Theyhurried to close the door on the real Mafalda; Harry and Ron threw the
Invisibility Cloak over themselves but Hermione remained inview, waiting. Seconds
later there was another pop, and a small,ferretylooking wizard appeared before them.
"Oh, hello, Mafalda."
"Hello!" said Hermionein a quavery voice, "How are you today?"
"Not so good, actually,"replied thelittle wizard, who looked thoroughly
downcast.
As Hermione and the wizard headed for themain road, Harry and Ron crept along
behind them.
"I'm sorry to hear you're under the weather," said Hermione, talkingfirmly over
thelittle wizard and he tried to expound upon his problems;itwas essential to stop him
fromreaching the street. "Here, have a sweet."
"Eh? Oh, no thanks ­"
"I insist!" said Hermione aggressively, shaking the bag of pastilles inhis face.
Looking rather alarmed, thelittle wizard took one.
The effect was instantaneous. Themoment the pastille touched his tongue, the
little wizard started vomiting so hard thathe did not even notice as Hermione yanked a
handful ofhairs from the top of his head.

"Oh dear!" she said, as he splattered the alley with sick. "Perhaps you'd better
take the day off!"
"No ­ no!" He choked and retched, trying to continue on his way despite being
unable to walk straight. "I must ­ today ­ mustgo ­ "
"But that's just silly!"said Hermione, alarmed. "You can'tgo to work in this state
­ I think you ought to go to St. Mungo's and get them to sort you out."
The wizard had collapsed, heaving, onto allfours, stilltrying to crawl toward the
main street.
"You simply can'tgo to work like this!"cried Hermione.
Atlast he seemed to accept the truth of her words. Using a reposed Hermione to
claw his way back into a standing position, he turned on the spot and vanished, leaving
nothing behind but the bag Ron had snatched fromhis hand as he went and someflying
chunks ofvomit.
"Urgh," said Hermione, holdingup the skirt of her robe to avoid the puddles of
sick. "It would havemade muchless mess to Stun himtoo."
"Yeah," said Ron, emergingfromunder the cloak holding the wizard's bag, "but I
stillthink a whole pile of unconscious bodies would have drawn more attention. Keen on
his job, though,isn't he? Chuck us the hair and the potion, then."
Within two minutes, Ron stood before them, as small and ferrety as the sick
wizard, and wearing the navy blue robes that had been folded inhis bag.
"Weird he wasn't wearing them today, wasn'tit, seeinghow much he wanted to
go? Anyway, I'mReg Cattermole, according to thelabelin the back."
"Now waithere," Hermione told Harry, who was stillunder the Invisibility Cloak,
"and we'll be back with some hairs for you."
He had to wait ten minutes, butit seemed muchlonger to Harry, skulking alonein
the sick-splattered alleyway beside the door concealing the Stunned Mafalda. Finally Ron
and Hermione reappeared.
"We don't know who heis," Hermione said, passing Harry several curly black
hairs, "but he's gone home with a dreadfulnosebleed! Here, he's pretty tall, you'llneed
bigger robes ..."
She pulled out a set of the old robes Kreacher had laundered for them, and Harry
retired to take the potion and change.
Once the painfultransformation was complete he was more than sixfeet tall and,
fromwhat he could tellfromhis well-muscled arms, powerfully built. He also had a
beard. Stowing the Invisibility Cloak and his glasses inside hisnew robes, he rejoined the
other two.

"Blimey, that's scary," said Ron, lookingup at Harry, who now towered over him.
"Take one of Mafalda's tokens,"Hermione told Harry, "and let's go, it's nearly
nine."
They stepped out of the alleyway together. Fiftyyards along the crowded
pavement there were spiked black railingsflanking two flights of stairs, onelabeled
GENTLEMEN, the other LADIES.
"See youin a moment, then," said Hermione nervously, and she tottered off down
the steps to LADIES. Harry and Ron joined a number of oddly dressed men descending
into what appeared to be an ordinary underground public toilet, tiled ingrimy black and
white.
"Morning, Reg!" called another wizard innavy blue robes as helet himselfinto a
cubicle byinsertinghis golden token into a slotin the door. "Blooming painin the bum,
this, eh? Forcingus allto get to work this way! Who are they expecting to turn up, Harry
Potter?"
The wizard roared withlaughter at his own wit. Ron gave a forced chuckle.
"Yeah,"he said, "stupid, isn'tit?"
And he and Harrylet themselves into adjoining cubicles.
To Harry's left and right came the sound offlushing. He crouched down and
peered through the gap at the bottom of the cubicle, justin time to see a pair of booted
feet climbinginto the toilet next door. Helooked left and saw Ron blinking at him.
"We have to flush ourselves in?"he whispered.
"Looks likeit,"Harry whispered back; hisvoice came out deep and gravelly.
They both stood up. Feeling exceptionallyfoolish, Harry clambered into the toilet.
He knew at once that he had done the right thing; thoughthe appeared to be
standingin water, his shoes, feet, and robes remained quite dry. He reached up, pulled the
chain, and nextmomenthad zoomed down a short chute, emerging out of a fireplace into
the Ministry of Magic.
He got up clumsily; there was a lotmore of his body than he was accustomed to.
The great Atriumseemed darker than Harry remembered it. Previously a golden fountain
had filled the center of the hall, casting shimmering spots oflight over the polished
wooden floor and walls. Now a gigantic statue of black stone dominated the scene. It was
rather frightening, this vast sculpture of a witch and a wizard sitting on ornately carved
thrones, looking down at the Ministry workers toppling out offireplaces below them.
Engraved infoot-highletters at the base of the statue were the words MAGIC IS
MIGHT.
Harry received a heavy blow on the back of thelegs. Another wizard had just

flown out of thefireplace behind him.
"Out of the way, can't y ­ oh, sorry, Runcorn."
Clearlyfrightened, the balding wizard hurried away. Apparently theman who
Harry was impersonating, Runcorn, was intimidating.
"Psst!" said a voice, and helooked around to see a whispylittle witch and the
ferrety wizard from Magical Maintenance gesturing to himfrom over beside the statue.
Harry hastened to join them.
"You gotin allright, then?"Hermione whispered to Harry.
"No, he's stillstuck in the hog," said Ron.
"Oh, very funny ... It's horrible, isn'tit?" she said to Harry, who was staringup
at the statue. "Have you seen what they're sitting on?"
Harry looked more closely and realized that what he had thought were
decoratively carved thrones were actuallymounds of carved humans:hundreds and
hundreds of naked bodies, men, women, and children, allwith rather stupid, uglyfaces,
twisted and pressed together to support the weight of the handsomely robed wizards.
"Muggles,"whispered Hermione, "In their rightfulplace. Come on, let's get
going."
They joined the stream of witches and wizards moving toward the golden gates at
the end of the hall,looking around as surreptitiously as possible, but there was no sign of
the distinctivefigure of Dolores Umbridge. They passed through the gates and into a
smaller hall, where queues wereforminginfront of twenty golden grilles housing as
manylifts. Theyhad barely joined the nearest one when a voice said, "Cattermole!"
Theylooked around:Harry's stomach turned over. One of the Death Eaters who
had witnessed Dumbledore's death was striding toward them. The Ministry workers
beside themfellsilent, their eyes downcast; Harry could feelfear rippling throughthem.
Theman's scowling, slightly brutishface was somehow at odds withhismagnificent,
sweeping robes, which were embroidered withmuch gold thread. Someonein the crowd
around thelifts called sycophantically,"Morning, Yaxley!"Yaxleyignored them.
"I requested somebody from MagicalMaintenance to sort outmy office,
Cattermole. It's stillrainingin there."
Ronlooked around as thoughhoping somebody else would intervene, butnobody
spoke.
"Raining ... inyour office? That's ­ that's not good, is it?"
Ron gave a nervous laugh. Yaxley's eyes widened.
"You think it's funny, Cattermole, do you?"
A pair of witches broke away fromthe queuefor thelift and bustled off.

"No," said Ron, "no, of course ­"
"You realize that I am on my way downstairs to interrogate your wife,
Cattermole? Infact, I'm quite surprised you're not down there holdingher hand while
she waits. Already given her up as a bad job, have you? Probably wise. Be sure and
marry a pureblood next time."
Hermione had let out a little squeak ofhorror. Yaxley looked at her. She cough
feebly and turned away.
"I ­ I ­" stammered Ron.
"Butif my wife were accused of being a Mudblood," said Yaxley, "--not that any
woman I married would ever be mistakenfor suchfilth ­ and the Head of Department of
Magical Law Enforcementneeded a job doing, I would make itmy priority to do this job,
Cattermole. Do you understand me?"
"Yes," whispered Ron.
"Then attend to it, Cattermole, and ifmy officeis not completely dry within an
hour, your wife's Blood Status willbein even greater doubt thanitisnow."
The golden grille before them clattered open. With a nod and unpleasant smile to
Harry, who was evidently expected to appreciate this treatment of Cattermole, Yaxley
swept away toward another lift. Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered theirs, but nobody
followed them:It was as if they wereinfectious. The grilles shut with a clang and thelift
began to move upward.
"What am I going to do?" Ron asked the other two at once; helooked stricken. "If
I don't turn up, my wife ... I mean, Cattermole's wife ­ "
"We'll come withyou, we should stick together ­" began Harry, but Ron shook
hishead feverishly.
"That's mental, we haven't gotmuch time. You two find Umbridge, I'llgo and
sort out Yaxley's office ­ but how do I stop a raining?"
"Try Finite Incantatem," said Hermione at once, "that should stop the rainifit's a
hex or curse; ifit doesn't something's gone wrong with an Atmospheric Charm, which
willbe more difficult to fix, so as aninterimmeasure try Impervius to protect his
belongings ­ "
"Say it again, slowly ­ " said Ron, searchinghis pockets desperatelyfor a quill,
but at thatmoment thelift juddered to a halt. A disembodied female voice said, "Level
four, Departmentfor the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating
Beast, Being, and SpiritDivisions, Goblin Liaison Office, and Pest Advisory Bureau,"
and the grilles slid open again, admitting a couple of wizards and several pale violet
paper airplanes thatfluttered around the lamp in the ceiling of thelift.

"Morning, Albert," said a bushily whiskered man, smiling at Harry. He glanced
over at Ron and Hermione as thelift creaked upward oncemore; Hermione was now
whisperingfranticinstructions to Ron. The wizard leaned toward Harry, leering, and
muttering"Dirk Cresswell, eh? FromGoblin Liaison? Nice one, Albert. I'm pretty
confident I'llget his job now!"
He winked. Harry smiled back, hoping that this would suffice. Thelift stopped;
the grilles opened once more.
"Leveltwo, Department of MagicalLaw Enforcement, including the Improper
Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration Services,"
said the disembodied witch's voice.
Harry saw Hermionegive Ron a little push and he hurried out of thelift, followed
by the other wizards, leaving Harry and Hermione alone. Themoment the golden door
had closed Hermione said, veryfast, "Actually, Harry, I think I'd better go after him, I
don't think he knows whathe's doing and ifhe gets caught the whole thing ­ "
"Level one, Minister of Magic and Support Staff."
The golden grilles slid apart again and Hermione gasped. Four people stood
before them, two of them deep in conversation: along-haired wizard wearingmagnificent
robes of black and gold, and a squat, toadlike witch wearing a velvet bow inher short
hair and clutching a clipboard to her chest.


Chapter Thirteen
The Muggle-Born Registration Commission

"Ah, Mafalda!" said Umbridge, looking at Hermione. "Travers sent you, did he?"
"Y-yes," squeaked Hermione.
"God, you'll do perfectly well."Umbridge spoke to the wizard in black and gold.
"That's that problemsolved. Minister, ifMafalda can be spared for record-keeping we
shall be able to start straightaway." She consulted her clipboard. "Ten people today and
one of themthe wife of a Ministry employee! Tut, tut... even here, in the heart of the
Ministry!" She stepped into thelift besides Hermione, as did the two wizards who had
been listening to Umbridge's conversation with the Minister. "We'llgo straight down,
Mafalda, you'llfind everythingyouneed inthe courtroom. Good morning, Albert, aren't
yougetting out?"
"Yes, of course," said Harryin Runcorn's deep voice.
Harry stepped out of thelife. The goldengrilles clanged shut behind him.

Glancing over his shoulder, Harry saw Hermione's anxious face sinking back out of sight,
a tallwizard on either side ofher, Umbridge's velvet hair-bow levelwithher shoulder.
"What brings you here, Runcorn?" asked the new Minister of Magic. Hislong
black hair and beard were streaked with silver and a great overhangingforehead
shadowed hisglinting eyes, putting Harryin themind of a crab looking outfrom beneath
a rock.
"Needed a quick word with," Harry hesitated for afraction of a second, "Arthur
Weasley. Someone said he was up onlevel one."
"Ah," said PlumThicknesse. "Has he been caughthaving contact with an
Undesirable?"
"No," said Harry, his throat dry. "No, nothinglike that."
"Ah, well. It's only amatter of time," said Thicknesse. "Ifyou ask me, the blood
traitors are as bad as the Mudbloods. Good day, Runcorn."
"Good day, Minister."
Harry watched Thicknesse march away along the thickly carpeted corridor. The
moment the Minister had passed out of sight, Harry tugged the Invisibility Cloak out
fromunder his heavy black cloak, threw it over himself, and set off along the corridor in
the opposite direction. Runcorn was so tallthat Harry was forced to stoop to make sure
his bigfeet were hidden.
Panic pulsed in the pit of his stomach. As he passed gleaming wooden door after
gleaming wooden door, each bearing a small plaque with the owner's name and
occupation upon it, themight of the Ministry, its complexity, its impenetrability, seemed
to forceitselfupon himso that the planhe had been carefully concocting with Ron and
Hermione over the pastfour weeks seemed laughably childish. Theyhad concentrated all
their efforts on gettinginside without being detected: Theyhad not given a moment's
thought to what they would do if they were forced to separate. Now Hermione was stuck
in court proceedings, which would undoubtedlylast hours; Ron was struggling to do
magic that Harry was sure was beyond him, a woman's liberty possibly depending on the
outcome, and he, Harry, was wandering around on the top floor when he knew perfectly
wellthat his quarry had just gone downin thelift.
He stopped walking, leaned against a wall, and tried to decide what to do. The
silence pressed upon him:There was no bustling or talk or swiftfootsteps here the
purple-carpeted corridors were as hushed as though the Muffliato charmhad been cast
over the place.
Her office must be up here, Harry thought.
It seemed most unlikely that Umbridge would keep her jewelryinher office, but

on the other hand it seemed foolishnot to search it to make sure. He therefore set off
along the corridor again, passingnobody but afrowning wizard who was murmuring
instructions to a quillthatfloated infront of him, scribbling on a trail of parchment.
Now paying attention to the names on the doors, Harry turned a corner. Halfway
along the next corridor he emerged into a wide, open space where a dozen witches and
wizards sat in rows at small desks not unlike school desks, thoughmuch more highly
polished and free fromgraffiti. Harry paused to watch them, for the effect was quite
mesmerizing. They were allwaving and twiddling their wands inunison, and squares of
colored paper wereflyingin every directionlikelittle pink kites. After a few seconds,
Harry realized that there was a rhythmto the proceedings, that the papers allformed the
same pattern and after a few more seconds he realized what he was watching was the
creation of pamphlets ­ that the paper squares were pages, which, when assembled,
folded and magicked into place, fellinto neat stacks beside each witch or wizard.
Harry crept closer, although the workers were so intent on what they were doing
thathe doubted they would notice a carpet-muffled footstep, and he slid a completed
pamphletfrom the pile beside a young witch. He examined it beneath the Invisibility
Cloak. Its pink cover was emblazoned with a golden title:


Mudbloods
and the Dangers They Pose to
a Peaceful Pure-Blood Society

Beneath the title was a picture of a red rose with a simperingface in themiddle of
its petals, being strangled by a green weed withfangs and a scowl. There was no author's
name upon the pamphlet, but again, the scars on the back of his righthand seemed to
tingle as he examined it. Then the youngwitch beside himconfirmed his suspicion as she
said, stillwaving and twirlingher wand, "Willthe old hag beinterrogating Mudbloods all
day, does anyone know?"
"Careful,"said the wizard beside her, glancing around nervously; one of his pages
slipped and fellto thefloor.
"What, has she gotmagic ears as well as an eye, now?"
The witch glanced toward the shiningmahogany door facing the space full of
pamphlet-makers; Harrylooked too, and the rage reared inhimlike a snake. Where there
mighthave been a peephole on a Muggle front door, a large, round eye with a bright blue

iris had been set into the wood ­ an eye that was shockinglyfamiliar to anybody who had
known Alastor Moody.
For a split second Harryforgot where he was and whathe was doing there:He
even forgot thathe was invisible. He strode straight over to the door to examine the eye.
It was notmoving. Itgazed blindlyupward, frozen. The plaque beneathit read:


Dolores Umbridge
Senior Undersecretary to the Minister

Below that a slightly shinier new plaque read:

Head of the Muggle-Born
Registration Commission

Harry looked back at the dozen pamphlet-makers:Though they were intentupon
their work, he could hardly suppose that they would not notice if the door of an empty
office opened infront of them. He therefore withdrew from an inner pocket an odd object
withlittle wavinglegs and a rubber-bulbed hornfor a body. Crouching down beneath the
Cloak, he placed the Decoy Detonator on the ground.
It scuttled away at once through thelegs of the witches and wizards infront of
him. A few moments later, during which Harry waited withhis hand upon the doorknob,
there came aloud bang and a great deal of acrid smoke billowed from a corner. The
young witchin thefront row shrieked: Pink pages flew everywhere as she and her
fellows jumped up, looking around for the source of the commotion. Harry turned the
doorknob, stepped into Umbridge's office, and closed the door behind him.
Hefelthe had stepped back in time. The room was exactlylike Umbridge's office
at Hogwarts:Lace draperies, doilies and dried flowers covered every surface. The walls
bore the same ornamental plates, each featuring a highly colored, beribboned kitten,
gamboling and frisking with sickening cuteness. The desk was covered with a flouncy,
flowered cloth. Behind Mad-eye's eye, a telescopic attachment enabled Umbridge to spy
on the workers on the other side of the door. Harry took a look throughit and saw that
they were allstillgathered around the Decoy Detonator. He wrenched the telescope out
of the door, leaving a hole behind, pulled themagical eyeball out ofit, and placed itinhis
pocket. The he turned to face the room again, raised his wand, and murmured, "Accio
Locker."

 Nothing happened, but he had not expected it to; no doubt Umbridge
knew all
about protective charms and spells. He therefore hurried behind her desk
and began
pulling open all the drawers. He saw quills and notebooks and Spellotape;
enchanted
paper clips that coiled snakelike from their drawer and had be beaten back;
a fussy little
lace box full of spare hair bows and clips; but no sign of a locket.
 There was a filing cabinet behind the desk: Harry set to searching it. Like
Filch's
filing cabinet at Hogwarts, it was full of folders, each labeled with a name.
It was not
until Harry reached the bottommost drawer that he saw something to
distract him from
the search: Mr. Weasley's file.
 He pulled it out and opened it.

Arthur Weasley
Blood Status: Pureblood, butwithunacceptable pro-Muggle
leanings. Knownmember of the Order ofthe
Phoenix.
Family: Wife (pureblood), seven children, two
youngest at Hogwarts. NB:Youngest son
currently at home, seriouslyill, Ministry
inspectors have confirmed.
Security Status: TRACKED. Allmovements are being
monitored. Stronglikelihood Undesirable No.
1 willcontact (has stayed with Weasley
family previously)

"Undesirable Number One," Harrymuttered under his breath as he replaced Mr.

Weasley's folder and shut the drawer. He had an idea he knew who that was, and sure
enough, as he straightened up and glanced around the officefor fresh hiding places he
saw a poster of himself on the wall, with the words UNDESIRABLE NO. 1 emblazoned
across his chest. A little pink note was stuck to it with a picture of a kittenin the corner.
Harrymoved across to read it and saw that Umbridge had written, "To be punished."
Angrier than ever, he proceeded to grope in the bottoms of the vases and baskets
of dried flowers, but was not at allsurprised that thelocket was not there. He gave the
office onelast sweepinglook, and his heart skipped a beat. Dumbledore was staring at
himfrom a smallrectangular mirror, propped up on a bookcase beside the desk.
Harry crossed the room at a run and snatched itup, but realized that themoment
he touched it thatit was not a mirror at all. Dumbledore was smilingwistfully out of the
front cover of a glossy book. Harry had notimmediatelynoticed the curlygreen writing
across his hat ­ The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore ­ nor the slightly smaller writing
across his chest:"by Rita Skeeter, bestselling author of Armando Dippet: Master or
Moron?"
Harry opened the book at random and saw afull-page photograph of two teenage
boys, both laughingimmoderately with their arms around each other's shoulders.
Dumbledore, now with elbow-lengthhair, had grown a tiny wispy beard that recalled the
one on Krum's chin that had so annoyed Ron. The boy who roared in silent amusement
beside Dumbledore had a gleeful, wildlook about him. His golden hair fellin curls to his
shoulders. Harry wondered whether it was a young Doge, but before he could check the
caption, the door of the office opened.
If Thicknesse had not been looking over his shoulder as he entered, Harry would
not have had time to pullthe InvisibilityCloak over himself. As itwas, he thought
Thicknesse mighthave caught a glimpse ofmovement, because for amoment or two he
remained quite still, staring curiously at the place where Harry had just vanished. Perhaps
deciding that that allhe had seen was Dumbledore scratchinghis nose on thefront of the
book, for Harry had hastily replaced itupon the shelf. Thicknesse finally walked to the
desk and pointed his wand at the quillstanding ready in theink pot. It sprang out and
began scribbling a note to Umbridge. Very slowly, hardly daring to breathe, Harry
backed out of the officeinto the open area beyond.
The pamphlet-makers were stillclustered around the remains of the Decoy
Detonator, which continued to hootfeebly as it smoked. Harry hurried offup the corridor
as the young witch said, "I bet it sneaked up here fromExperimental Charms, they're so
careless, remember that poisonous duck?"
Speeding back toward thelifts, Harry reviewed his options. It had never been

likely that thelocket was here at the Ministry, and there was no hope of bewitchingits
whereabouts out of Umbridge while she was sittingin a crowded court. Their priority
now had to be to leave the Ministry before they were exposed, and try again another day.
Thefirst thing to do was to find Ron, and then they could work out a way of extracting
Hermionefromthe courtroom.
Theliftwas empty whenit arrived. Harry jumped in and pulled off the Invisibility
Cloak as it started its descent. To his enormous relief, whenit rattled to a halt atlevel two,
a soaking-wet and wild-eyed Ron gotin.
"M-morning,"he stammered to Harry as thelift set off again.
"Ron, it's me, Harry!"
"Harry! Blimey, I forgot what you looked like ­ whyisn't Hermione withyou?"
"She had to go down to the courtrooms with Umbridge, she couldn't refuse, and ­
"
But before Harry could finish thelifthad stopped again. The doors opened and
Mr. Weasley walked inside, talking to an elderly witch whose blonde hair was teased so
highit resembled an anthill.
"... I quite understand what you're saying, Wakanda, but I'm afraid I cannot be
party to ­ "
Mr. Weasley broke off;he had noticed Harry. It was very strange to have Mr.
Weasleyglare at himwith thatmuch dislike. Thelift doors closed and thefour of them
trundled downward once more.
"Oh hello, Reg," said Mr. Weasley, looking around at the sound of steady
drippingfromRon's robes. "Isn't your wifeinfor questioning today? Er ­ what's
happened to you? Why are you so wet?"
"Yaxley's officeis raining,"said Ron. He addressed Mr. Weasley's shoulder, and
Harryfelt sure he was scared thathisfather might recognizehimif theylooked directly
into each other's eyes. "I couldn't stop it, so they've sentme to get Bernie ­ Pillsworth, I
think they said ­"
"Yes, a lot of offices have been raininglately," said Mr. Weasley. "Did you try
Meterolojinx Recanto? It worked for Bletchley."
"Meteolojinx Recanto?"whispered Ron. "No, I didn't. Thanks, D ­ I mean,
thanks, Arthur."
Thelift doors opened; the old witch with the anthillhair left, and Ron darted past
her out of sight. Harrymade to follow him, butfound his path blocked as Percy Weasley
strode into thelift, his nose buried in some papers he was reading.
Not untilthe doors had clanged shut again did Percy realizehe was in a litwith

hisfather. He glanced up, saw Mr. Weasley, turned radish red, and left thelift the
moment the doors opened again. For the second time, Harry tried to get out, but this time
found his way blocked by Mr. Weasley's arm.
"One moment, Runcorn."
Thelift doors closed and as they clanked down another floor, Mr. Weasley said,
"I hear you had information about Dirk Cresswell."
Harry had theimpression that Mr. Weasley's anger was no less because of the
brush with Percy. He decided his best chance was to act stupid.
"Sorry?"he said.
"Don't pretend, Runcorn," said Mr. Weasleyfiercely. "You tracked down the
wizard who faked his familytree, didn't you?"
"I ­ so whatifI did?" said Harry.
"So Dirk Cresswellis ten times the wizard you are," said Mr. Weasley quietly, as
thelift sank ever lower. "And ifhe survives Azkaban, you'llhave to answer to him, not
to mention his wife, his sons, and hisfriends ­"
"Arthur,"Harryinterrupted, "you know you're being tracked, don't you?"
"Is that a threat, Runcorn?" said Mr. Weasleyloudly.
"No," said Harry, "it's a fact! They're watchingyour every move ­"
Thelift doors opened. They had reached the Atrium. Mr. Weasley gave Harry a
scathinglook and swept from thelift. Harry stood there, shaken. He wished he was
impersonating somebody other than Runcorn.... Thelift doors clanged shut.
Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak and putit back on. He would try to
extricate Hermione on his own while Ron was dealing with the raining office. When the
doors opened, he stepped outinto a torch-lit stone passageway quite differentfrom the
wood-paneled and carpeted corridors above. As theleft rattled away again, Harry
shivered slightly,looking toward the distant black door thatmarked the entrance to the
Department of Mysteries.
He set off, his destination not the black door, but the doorway he remembered on
thelefthand side, which opened onto the flight of stairs down to the court chambers. His
mind grappled with possibilities as he crept down them:He stillhad a couple of Decoy
Detonators, but perhaps it would be better to simply knock on the courtroom door, enter
as Runcorn, and ask for a quick word with Mafalda? Of course, he did not know whether
Runcorn was sufficientlyimportant to get away with this, and evenifhemanaged it,
Hermione's non-reappearancemight trigger a search before they were clear of the
Ministry....
Lost in thought, he did notimmediately register the unnatural chillthat was

creeping over him, as ifhe were descendinginto fog. It was becoming colder and colder
with every step he took; a cold that reached right down his throat and tore at hislungs.
And then hefelt that stealing sense of despair, or hopelessness, fillinghim, expanding
inside him....
Dementors, he thought.
And as he reached thefoot of the stairs and turned to his righthe saw a dreadful
scene. The dark passage outside the courtrooms was packed with tall, black-hooded
figures, theirfaces completelyhidden, their ragged breathing the only sound in the place.
The petrified Muggle-borns broughtinfor questioning sat huddled and shivering onhard
wooden benches. Most of themwere hiding theirfaces in their hands, perhaps in an
instinctive attempt to shield themselves from the dementors' greedy mouths. Some were
accompanied by families, others sat alone. The dementors were glidingup and downin
front of them, and the cold, and the hopelessness, and the despair of the place laid
themselves upon Harrylike a curse....
Fight it, he told himself, but he knew that he could not conjure a Patronus here
without revealinghimselfinstantly. So he moved forward as silently as he could, and
with every step he took numbness seemed to steal over his brain, but heforced himselfto
think of Hermione and of Ron, who needed him.
Moving through the towering black figures was terrifying:The eyeless faces
hidden beneath their hoods turned as he passed, and hefelt sure that they sensed him,
sensed, perhaps, a human presence that stillhad some hope, some resilience....
And then, abruptly and shockingly amid thefrozen silence, one of the dungeon
doors on theleft of the corridor was flung open and screams echoed out ofit.
"No, no, I'mhalf-blood, I'mhalf-blood, I tellyou! Myfather was a wizard, he
was, look himup, Arkie Alderton, he's a wellknown broomstick designer, look himup, I
tellyou ­ get your hands offme, get your hands off ­"
"Thisis your finalwarning," said Umbridge's soft voice, magicallymagnified so
thatit sounded clearly over theman's desperate screams. "Ifyou struggle, you willbe
subjected to the Dementor's Kiss."
Theman's screams subsided, but dry sobs echoed through the corridor.
"Take him away," said Umbridge.
Two dementors appeared in the doorway of the courtroom, their rotting, scabbed
hands clutching the upper arms of a wizard who appeared to be fainting. They glided
away down the corridor withhim, and the darkness they trailed behind them swallowed
himfromsight.
"Next ­ Mary Cattermole," called Umbridge.

A smallwoman stood up; she was tremblingfromhead to foot. Her dark hair was
smoothed back into a bun and she wore long plain robes. Her face was completely
bloodless. As she passed the dementors, Harry saw her shudder.
He did itinstinctively, without any sort of plan, because he hated the sight ofher
walking aloneinto the dungeon:As the door began to swing closed, he slipped into the
courtroom behind her.
It was not the same roomin which he had once been interrogated for improper use
ofmagic. This one was much smaller, though the ceiling was quite as highitgave the
claustrophobic sense of being stuck at the bottom of a deep well.
There were more dementors inhere, casting their freezing aura over the place;
they stood likefaceless sentinelsin the corners farthestfrom the high, raised platform.
Here, behind a balustrade, sat Umbridge, with Yaxley on one side of her, and Hermione,
quite as white-faced as Mrs. Cattermole, on the other. At thefoot of the platform, a
bight-
silver, long-haired cat prowled up and down, up and down, and Harry realized thatitwas
there to protect the prosecutors from the despair that emanated from the dementors:That
was for the accused to feel, not the accusers.
"Sit down," said Umbridgeinher soft, silkyvoice.
Mrs. Cattermole stumbled to the single seat in themiddle of thefloor beneath the
raised platform. Themoment she had sat down, chains clinked out of the arms of the
chair and bound her there.
"You are Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?"asked Umbridge.
Mrs. Cattermole gave a single, shaky nod.
"Married to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical Maintenance Department?"
Mrs. Cattermole burstinto tears.
"I don't know where heis, he was supposed to meet mehere!"
Umbridgeignored her.
"Mother to Maisie, Ellie and Alfred Cattermole?"
Mrs. Cattermole sobbed harder than ever.
"They're frightened, they think that I mightnot come home ­"
"Spare us," spat Yaxley. "The brats of Mudbloods do not stir our sympathies."
Mrs. Cattermole's sobs masked Harry's footsteps as hemade his way carefully
toward the steps thatled up to the raised platform. Themoment he had passed the place
where the Patronus cat patrolled, hefeltthe changein temperature: It was warmand
comfortable here. The Patronus, he was sure, was Umbridge's, and itglowed brightly
because she was so happy here, inher element, upholding the twisted laws she had

helped to write. Slowly and very carefullyhe edged his way along the platform behind
Umbridge, Yaxley, and Hermione, taking a seat behind thelatter. He was worried about
making Hermione jump. He thought of casting the Muffliato charmupon Umbridge and
Yaxley, but evenmurmuring the word might cause Hermione alarm. Then Umbridge
raised her voice to address Mrs. Cattermole, and Harry seized his chance.
"I'm behind you,"he whispered into Hermione's ear.
As he had expected, she jumped so violently she nearly overturned the bottle of
ink with which she was supposed to be recording theinterview, but both Umbridge and
Yaxley were concentratingupon Mrs. Cattermole, and this went unnoticed.
"A wand was taken fromyou upon your arrival at the Ministry today, Mrs.
Cattermole,"Umbridge was saying. "Eight-and-three-quarter inches, cherry, unicorn-hair
core. Do you recognize the description?"
Mrs. Cattermole nodded, moppingher eyes on her sleeve.
"Could you please tellus fromwhich witch or wizard you took that wand?"
"T-took?" sobbed Mrs. Cattermole. "I didn't t-take itfrom anybody. I b-boughtit
when I was eleven years old. It ­ it ­ it ­ chose me."
She cried harder than ever.
Umbridgelaughed a soft girlishlaugh thatmade Harry want to attack her. She
leaned forward over the barrier, the better to observe her victim, and something gold
swungforward too, and dangled over the void:thelocket.
Hermione had seen it; shelet out a little squeak, but Umbridge and Yaxley, still
intentupon their prey, were deaf to everything else.
"No," said Umbridge, "no, I don't think so, Mrs. Cattermole. Wands only choose
witches or wizards. You are not a witch. I have your responses to the questionnaire that
was sent to youhere ­ Mafalda, pass them to me."
Umbridge held out a smallhand: Shelooked so toadlike at thatmoment that
Harry was quite surprised not to see webs between the stubby fingers. Hermione's hands
were shaking with shock. Shefumbled in a pile of documents balanced on the chair
beside her, finally withdrawing a sheaf of parchment with Mrs. Cattermole's name on it.
"That's ­ that's pretty, Dolores," she said, pointing at the pendant gleamingin the
ruffled folds of Umbridge's blouse.
"What?" snapped Umbridge, glancing down. "Oh yes ­ an old familyheirloom,"
she said, patting thelocket lying on her large bosom. "The S stands for Selwyn.... I am
related to the Selwyns.... Indeed, there are few pure-blood families to whomI amnot
related. ...A pity," she continued in alouder voice, flicking through Mrs. Cattermole's
questionnaire, "that the same cannot be said for you. `Parents professions:

greengrocers'."
Yaxleylaughed jeeringly. Below, thefluffysilver cat patrolled up and down, and
the dementors stood waitingin the corners.
It was Umbridge's lie that brought the blood surginginto Harry's brain and
obliterated his sense of caution ­ that thelocket she had taken as a bribefrom a petty
criminalwas beingused to bolster her own pure-blood credentials. He raised his wand,
not even troubling to keep it concealed beneath the Invisibility Cloak, and said,
"Stupefy!"
There was a flash of red light; Umbridge crumpled and her forehead hit the edge
of the balustrade: Mrs. Cattermole's papers slid offher lap onto thefloor and, down
below, the prowling silver cat vanished. Ice-cold air hit themlike an oncoming wind:
Yaxley, confused, looked around for the source of the trouble and saw Harry's
disembodied hand and wand pointing at him. He tried to draw his own wand, but too late:
"Stupefy!"
Yaxley slid to the ground to lie curled on thefloor.
"Harry!"
"Hermione, ifyou think I was going to sit here and let her pretend ­"
"Harry, Mrs. Cattermole!"
Harry whirled around, throwing off the Invisibility Cloak; down below, the
dementors had moved out of their corners; they were gliding toward the woman chained
to the chair: Whether because the Patronus had vanished or because they sensed that their
masters were no longer in control, they seemed to have abandoned restraint. Mrs.
Cattermolelet out a terrible scream offear as a slimy, scabbed hand grasped her chin and
forced her face back.
"EXPECTO PATRONUM!"
The silver stag soared from the tip of Harry's wand and leaped toward the
dementors, whichfell back and melted into the dark shadows again. The stag's light,
more powerfuland more warming than the cat's protection, filled the whole dungeon as it
cantered around the room.
"Get the Horcrux,"Harry told Hermione.
He ran back down the steps, stuffing the Invisibility Cloak into his back, and
approached Mrs. Cattermole.
"You?" she whispered, gazinginto his face. "But ­ but Reg said you were the one
who submitted mynamefor questioning!"
"Did I?"muttered Harry, tugging at the chains bindingher arms, "Well, I've had
a change ofheart. Diffindo!" Nothinghappened. "Hermione, how do I get rid of these

chains?"
"Wait, I'm trying somethingup here ­"
"Hermione, we're surrounded by dementors!"
"I know that, Harry, butifshe wakes up and thelocket's gone ­ I need to
duplicate it ­ Geminio! There... That should foolher...."
Hermione came running downstairs.
"Let's see.... Relashio!"
The chains clinked and withdrew into the arms of the chair. Mrs. Cattermole
looked just as frightened as ever before.
"I don't understand," she whispered.
"You're going to leave here withus," said Harry, pullingher to her feet. "Go
home, grab your children, and get out, get out of the countryifyou've got to. Disguise
yourselves and run. You've seen how itis, you won't get anythinglike a fair hearing
here."
"Harry," said Hermione, "how are we going to get out of here with allthose
dementors outside the door?"
"Patronuses," said Harry, pointinghis wand at his own. The stag slowed and
walked, stillgleaming brightly, toward the door. "As many as we can muster; do yours,
Hermione."
"Expec ­ Expecto patronum," said Hermione. Nothinghappened.
"It's the only spellshe ever has trouble with,"Harry told a completely bemused
Mrs. Cattermole. "Bitunfortunate, really... Come on Hermione...."
`Expecto patronum!"
A silver otter burstfrom the end of Hermione's wand and swamgracefully
through the air to join the stag.
"C'mon," said Harry, and heled Hermione and Mrs. Cattermole to the door.
When the Patronuses glided out of the dungeon there were cries of shock from the
people waiting outside. Harry looked around; the dementors were falling back on both
sides of them, meldinginto the darkness, scattering before the silver creatures.
"It's been decided that you should allgo home and go into hiding withyour
families," Harry told the waiting Muggle-born, who were dazzled by thelight of the
Patronuses and stillcowering slightly. "Go abroad ifyou can. Justget well awayfrom the
Ministry. That's the ­ er ­ new official position. Now, ifyou'lljustfollow the Patronuses,
you'll be able to leave the Atrium."
Theymanaged to getup the stone stops without beingintercepted, but as they
approached thelifts Harry started to have misgivings. If they emerged into the Atrium

with a silver stag, and otter soaring alongside it, and twenty or so people, half of them
accused Muggle-borns, he could nothelp feeling that they would attract unwanted
attention. He had just reached this unwelcome conclusion when thelift clanged to a halt
infront of them.
"Reg!" screamed Mrs. Cattermole, and she threw herselfinto Ron's arms.
"Runcorn letme out, he attacked Umbridge and Yaxley, and he's told allofus to leave
the country. I think we'd better do it, Reg, I really do, let's hurry home and fetch the
children and ­ why are you so wet?"
"Water,"muttered Ron, disengaginghimself."Harry, they know there are
intruders inside the Ministry, something about a holein Umbridge's office door. I reckon
we've gotfiveminutes if that ­"
Hermione's Patronus vanished with a pop as she turned a horror struck face to
Harry.
"Harry, ifwe're trapped here ­ !"
"We won't be ifwemovefast," said Harry. He addressed the silentgroup behind
them, who were allgawping at him.
"Who's got wands?"
About half of them raised their hands.
"Okay, allofyou who haven't got wands need to attach yourself to somebody
who has. We'llneed to be fast before they stop us. Come on."
Theymanaged to cram themselves into two lifts. Harry's Patronus stood sentinel
before the golden grilles as they shut and thelifts began to rise.
"Level eight," said the witch's coolvoice, "Atrium."
Harry knew at once that they were in trouble. The Atriumwas fullof people
movingfromfireplace to fireplace, sealing them off.
"Harry!" squeaked Hermione. "What are we going to ­ ?"
"STOP!" Harry thundered, and the powerfulvoice of Runcorn echoed through the
Atrium:The wizards sealing thefireplaces froze. "Followme,"he whispered to the group
of terrified Muggle-borns, who moved forward in a huddle, shepherded by Ron and
Hermione.
"What's up, Albert?" said the same balding wizard who had followed Harry out
of thefireplace earlier. He looked nervous.
"Thislot need to leave before you seal the exits," said Harry with allthe authority
he could muster.
The group of wizards infront ofhimlooked at one another.
"We've been told to seal all exits and not let anyone ­"

"Are you contradicting me?" Harry blustered. "Would youlike me to have your
familytree examined, like I had Dirk Cresswell's?"
"Sorry!"gasped the balding wizard, backing away. "I didn'tmean nothing, Albert,
but I thought... I thought they wereinfor questioning and..."
"Their blood is pure," said Harry, and his deep voice echoed impressively through
the hall."Purer thanmany ofyours, I daresay. Offyou go,"he boomed to the Muggle-
borns, who scurried forward into thefireplaces and began to vanishin pairs. The Ministry
wizards hung back, somelooking confused, others scared and fearful. Then:
"Mary!"
Mrs. Cattermolelooked over her shoulder. The realReg Cattermole, no longer
vomiting but pale and wan, had just come running out of a lift.
"R- Reg?"
She looked fromher husband to Ron, who swore loudly.
The balding wizard gaped, his head turningludicrouslyfrom one Reg Cattermole
to the other.
"Hey ­ what's going on? Whatis this?"
"Seal the exit! SEAL IT!"
Yaxleyhad burst out of another lift and was running toward the group beside the
fireplaces, into which allof the Muggle-borns but Mrs. Cattermole had now vanished. As
the balding wizard lifted his wand, Harry raised an enormous fist and punched him,
sendinghimflying through the air.
"He's been helping Muggle-borns escape, Yaxley!"Harry shouted.
The balding wizard's colleagues set up and uproar, under cover of which Ron
grabbed Mrs. Cattermole, pulled her into the still-open fireplace, and disappeared.
Confused, Yaxleylooked from Harry to the punched wizard, while the real Reg
Cattermole screamed, "My wife! Who was that withmy wife? What's going on?"
Harry saw Yaxley's head turn, saw aninkling of truth dawn on that brutishface.
"Come on!"Harry shouted at Hermione; he seized her hand and they jumped into
thefireplace together as Yaxley's curse sailed over Harry's head. They spunfor a few
seconds before shootingup out of a toiletinto a cubicle. Harryflung open the door:Ron
was standing there beside the sinks, stillwrestling with Mrs. Cattermole.
"Reg, I don't understand ­"
"Let go, I'mnot your husband, you've got to go home!"
There was a noisein the cubicle behind them; Harrylooked around; Yaxleyhad
just appeared.
"LET'S GO!"Harry yelled. He seized Hermione by the hand and Ron by the arm

and turned on the stop.
Darkness engulfed them, along with the sensation of compressinghands, but
something was wrong.... Hermione's hand seemed to be sliding out of his grip....
He wondered whether he was going to suffocate; he could not breathe or see and
the only solid things in the world were Ron's arm and Hermione's fingers, which were
slowly slipping away....
And then he saw the door to number twelve, Grimmauld Place, withits serpent
door knocker, but before he could draw breath, there was a scream and aflash of purple
light:Hermione's hand was suddenlyvicelike upon his and everything went dark again.


Chapter Fourteen
The Thief

Harry opened his eyes and was dazzled by gold and green;he had no idea what
had happened, he only knew that he was lying on what seemed to be leaves and twigs.
Strugglingto draw breathinto lungs that feltflattened, he blinked and realized that the
gaudy glare was sunlight streaming through a canopy ofleaves far above him. Then an
object twitched close to his face. He pushed himself onto hishands and knees, ready to
face some small, fierce creature, but saw that the object was Ron's foot. Looking around,
Harry saw that they and Hermione were lying on a forestfloor, apparently alone.
Harry's first thoughtwas of the Forbidden Forest, and for amoment, even though
he knew how foolish and dangerous itwould be for them to appear in the grounds of
Hogwarts, his heartleapt at the thought of sneaking through the trees to Hagrid's hut.
However, in thefew moments it took for Ron to give a low groan and Harry to start
crawling toward him, he realized that this was not the Forbidden Forest; The trees looked
younger, they were more widely spaced, the ground clearer.
Hemet Hermione, also on her hands and knees, at Ron's head. Themoment his
eyes fellupon Ron, all other concerns fled Harry's mind, for blood drenched the whole of
Ron's left side and hisface stood out, grayish-white, against theleaf-strewn earth. The
Polyjuice Potion was wearing offnow:Ron was halfway between Cattermole and himself
in appearance, his hair turning redder and redder as hisface drained of thelittle color it
had left.
"What's happened to him?"
"Splinched," said Hermione, her fingers already busy at Ron's sleeve, where the
blood was wettest and darkest.

Harry watched, horrified, as she tore open Ron's short. He had always thought of
Splinching as something comical, but this . . . Hisinsides crawled unpleasantly as
Hermionelaid bare Ron's upper arm, where a great chunk offlesh was missing, scooped
cleanly away as though by a knife.
"Harry, quickly, inmy bag, there's a small bottlelabeled `Essence of Dittany'­ "
"Bag ­ right ­"
Harry sped to the place where Hermione had landed, seized the tiny beaded bag,
and thrust his hand inside it. At once, object after object began presentingitselfto his
touch:Hefelt theleather spines of books, woolly sleeves of jumpers, heels of shoes ­
"Quickly!"
He grabbed his wand from the ground and pointed itinto the depths of the
magical bag.
"Accio Dittany!"
A small brown bottlezoomed out of the bag; he caughtit and hastened back to
Hermione and Ron, whose eyes were now half-closed, strips of white eyeball allthat
were visible between hislids.
"He's fainted," said Hermione, who was also rather pale; she no longer looked
like Mafalda, thoughher hair was stillgray in places. "Unstopper itfor me, Harry, my
hands are shaking."
Harry wrenched the stopper off thelittle bottle, Hermione took it and poured three
drops of the potion onto the bleeding wound. Greenish smoke billowed upward and when
ithad cleared, Harry saw that the bleedinghad stopped. The wound now looked several
days old; new skin stretched over what had just been open flesh.
"Wow," said Harry.
"It's allI feel safe doing," said Hermione shakily. "There are spells that would put
himcompletely right, but I daren't tryin case I do themwrong and cause more
damage. . . . He's lost so much blood already. . . ."
"How did he get hurt? I mean" ­ Harry shook his head, trying to clear it, to make
sense of whatever had just taken place ­ "why are we here? I thought we were going
back
to Grimmauld Place?"
Hermione took a deep breath. Shelooked close to tears.
"Harry, I don't think we're going to be able to go back there."
"What d'you ­ ?"
"As we Disapparated, Yaxley caughthold ofme and I couldn't get rid of him,he
was too strong, and he was stillholding on when we arrived at Grimmauld Place, and

then ­ well, I think hemust have seen the door, and thoughtwe were stopping there, so
he slackened his grip and I managed to sake himoff and I broughtus here instead!"
"But then, where's he? Hang on. . . . You don'tmean he's at Grimmauld Place?
He can'tgetin there?"
Her eyes sparkled withunshed tears as she nodded.
"Harry, I think he can. I ­ I forced himto let go with a Revulsion Jinx, but I'd
already taken himinside the Fidelius Charm's protection. Since Dumbledore died, we're
Secret-Keepers, so I've given himthe secret, haven't I?"
There was no pretending; Harry was sure she was right. It was a serious blow. If
Yaxley could now getinside the house, there was no way that they could return. Even
now, he could be bringing other Death Eaters in there by Apparition. Gloomy and
oppressive though the house was, ithad been their one safe refuge; even, now that
Kreacher was so much happier and friendlier, a kind ofhome. With a twinge of regret
thathad nothing to do withfood, Harryimagined the house-elf busyinghimself over the
steak-and-kidney pie that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would never eat.
"Harry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!"
"Don't be stupid, itwasn't your fault! If anything, itwas mine. . . ."
Harry put hishand inhis pocket and drew out Mad-Eye's eye. Hermione recoiled,
lookinghorrified.
"Umbridge had stuck it to her office door, to spy on people. I couldn'tleaveit
there . . . but that's how they knew there wereintruders."
Before Hermione could answer, Ron groaned and opened his eyes. He was still
gray and hisface glistened with sweat.
"How d'youfeel?" Hermione whispered.
"Lousy," croaked Ron, wincing as hefelthis injured arm. "Where are we?"
"In the woods where they held the Quidditch World Cup," said Hermione. "I
wanted somewhere enclosed, undercover, and this was ­"
"­ thefirst place you thought of,"Harry finished for her, glancing around at the
apparently deserted glade. He could not help remembering what had happened the last
time they had Apparated to thefirst place Hermionehad thought of ­ how Death Eaters
had found themwithinminutes. Had it been Legilimency? Did Voldemort or his
henchmen know, even now, where Hermione had taken them?
"D'you reckon we should move on?" Ron asked Harry, and Harry could tellby
thelook on Ron's face that he was thinking the same.
"I dunno."
Ron stilllooked pale and clammy. He had made no attempt to situp and itlooked

as thoughhe was too weak to do so. The prospect of movinghimwas daunting.
"Let's stay here for now,"Harry said.
Looking relieved, Hermione sprang to her feet.
"Where are yougoing?" asked Ron.
"If we're staying, we should put some protective enchantments around the place,"
she replied, and raisingher wand, she began to walk in a wide circle around Harry and
Ron, murmuringincantations as she went. Harry saw little disturbances in the
surrounding air:It was as ifHermione had cast a heat haze upon their clearing.
"Salvio Hexia . . . Protego Totalum . . . Repello Muggletum . . . Muffliato . . . You
could get out the tent, Harry. . . ."
"Tent?"
"In the bag!"
"In the . . . of course," said Harry.
He did not bother to grope inside it this time, butused another Summoning Charm.
The tent emerged in alumpymass of canvas, ropes, and poles. Harry recognized it, partly
because of the smell of cats, as the same tentin which they had slept on the nightof the
Quidditch World Cup.
"I thought this belonged to that bloke Perkins at the Ministry?"he asked, starting
to disentangle the pent pegs.
"Apparentlyhe didn't wantit back, hislumbago's so bad," said Hermione, now
performing complicated figure-of-eight movements withher wand. "so Ron's dad said I
could borrow it. Erecto!" she added, pointingher wand at themisshapen canvas, whichin
onefluid motion rose into the air and settled, fully constructed, onto the ground before
Harry, out of whose startled hands a tent peg soared, to land with afinal thud at the end
of a guy rope.
"Cave Inimicum," Hermionefinished with a skyward flourish. "That's as much as
I can do. At the veryleast, we should know they're coming; I can't guaranteeit willkeep
out Vol ­"
"Don't say the name!" Ron cut across her, his voice harsh.
Harry and Hermionelooked at each other.
"I'm sorry,"Ron said, moaning alittle as he raised himself to look at them, "butit
feels like a ­ a jinx or something. Can't we callhimYou-Know-Who ­ please?"
"Dumbledore said fear of a name ­" began Harry.
"In case you hadn't noticed, mate, calling You-Know-Who by his name didn't do
Dumbledore much good in the end," Ron snapped back. "Just ­ just show You-Know-
Who some respect, willyou?"

"Respect?" Harry repeated, but Hermione shot him a warninglook; apparentlyhe
was not to argue with Ron while thelatter was in such a weakened condition.
Harry and Hermione half carried, half dragged Ron through the entrance of the
tent. Theinterior was exactly as Harry remembered it; a smallflat, complete with
bathroom and tiny kitchen. He shoved aside an old armchair and lowered Ron carefully
onto thelower berth of a bunk bed. Even this very short journey had turned Ron whiter
still, and once they had settled him on the mattress he closed his eyes again and did not
speak for a while.
"I'llmake some tea," said Hermione breathlessly, pulling kettle and mugs from
the depths of her bag and heading toward the kitchen.
Harry found the hot drink as welcome as thefirewhisky had been on the night that
Mad-Eye had died;it seemed to burn away a little of thefear flutteringinhis chest. After
a minute or two, Ron broke the silence.
"What d'you reckon happened to the Cattermoles?"
"With anyluck, they'llhave got away,"said Hermione, clutchingher hotmugfor
comfort. "As long as Mr. Cattermole had his wits abouthim, he'llhave transported Mrs.
Cattermole by Side-Along-Apparition and they'll be fleeing the country rightnow with
their children. That's what Harry told her to do."
"Blimey, I hope they escaped," said Ron, leaning back on his pillows. The tea
seemed to be doinghimgood; a little of his color had returned. "I didn't get thefeeling
Reg Cattermole was allthat quick-witted, though, the way everyone was talking to me
when I was him. God, I hope they madeit. . . . If they both end up in Azkaban because of
us . . ."
Harry looked over at Hermione and the question he had been about to ask ­ about
whether Mrs. Cattermole's lack of a wand would preventher Apparating alongside her
husband ­ died inhis throat. Hermione was watching Ron fret over thefate of the
Cattermoles, and there was such tenderness inher expression that Harry felt almost as if
he had surprised her in the act of kissing him.
"So, have you gotit?"Harry asked her, partly to remind her thathe was there.
"Got ­ got what?" she said with a little start.
"What did we just go through allthatfor? Thelocket! Where's thelocket?"
"You got it?" shouted Ron, raisinghimself alittle higher on his pillows. "No one
tellsme anything! Blimey, you could have mentioned it!"
"Well, we were runningfor our lives fromthe Death Eaters, weren't we?" said
Hermione. "Here."
And she pulled thelocket out of the pocket of her robes and handed it to Ron.

It was as large as a chicken's egg. An ornate letter S, inlaid withmany smallgreen
stones, glinted dullyin the diffused light shining through the tent's canvas roof.
"There isn't any chance someone's destroyed it since Kreacher had it?" asked
Ron hopefully. "I mean, are we sure it's stilla Horcrux?"
"I think so," said Hermione, takingit back fromhim and looking atit closely.
"There'd be some sign of damageifithad been magically destroyed."
She passed it to Harry, who turned it over inhisfingers. The thinglooked perfect,
pristine. He remembered themangled remains of the diary, and how the stoneinthe
Horcrux ringhad been cracked open when Dumbledore destroyed it.
"I reckon Kreacher's right," said Harry. "We're going to have to work outhow to
open this thing before we can destroy it."
Sudden awareness of whathe was holding, of whatlived behind thelittle golden
doors, hit Harry as he spoke. Even after alltheir efforts to find it, hefelt a violent urge to
fling thelocket fromhim. Masteringhimself again, he tried to prise thelocket apart with
hisfingers, then attempted the charmHermione had used to open Regulus's bedroom
door. Neither worked. He handed thelocket back to Ron and Hermione, each ofwhom
did their best, but were no more successfulat openingit than he had been.
"Can youfeelit, though?" Ron asked in a hushed voice, as he held it tightinhis
clenched fist.
"What d'youmean?"
Ron passed the Horcrux to Harry. After a moment or two, Harry thoughthe knew
what Ron meant. Was ithis own blood pulsing throughhis veins that he could feel, or
was it something beatinginside thelocket, like a tinymetalheart?
"What are we going to do withit?" Hermione asked.
"Keep it safe tillwe work out how to destroyit."Harry replied, and, little though
he wanted to, he hung the chain around his ownneck, dropping thelocket out of sight
beneath his robes, where it rested against his chest beside the pouch Hagrid had given
him.
"I think we should take itin turns to keep watch outside the tent,"he added to
Hermione, standingup and stretching. "And we'llneed to think about somefood as well.
You stay there,"he added sharply, as Ron attempted to situp and turned a nasty shade of
green.
With the Sneakoscope Hermione had given Harryfor his birthday set carefully
upon the tablein the tent, Harry and Hermione spent the rest of the day sharing the role
oflookout. However, the Sneakoscope remained silent and stillupon its point allday, and
whether because of the protective enchantments and Muggle-repelling charms Hermione

had spread around them, or because people rarelyventured this way, their patch of wood
remained deserted, apart from occasional birds and squirrels. Evening broughtno change;
Harrylithis wand as he swapped places with Hermione at ten o'clock, and looked out
upon a deserted scene, noting the bats flutteringhigh above him across the single patch of
starry sky visiblefromtheir protected clearing.
Hefelthungrynow, and a littlelight-headed. Hermione had not packed any food
inher magical bag, as she had assumed that they would be returning to Grimmauld Place
thatnight, so they had had nothing to eat except some wild mushrooms that Hermione
had collected from amongst the nearest trees and stewed in a Billycan. After a couple of
mouthfuls Ron had pushed his portion away, looking queasy; Harryhad only persevered
so as to not hurt Hermione's feelings.
The surrounding silence was broken by odd rustlings and what sounded like
crackings of twigs:Harry thought that they were caused by animals rather than people,
yet he kept his wand held tight at the ready. Hisinsides, already uncomfortable due to
theirinadequate helping of rubbery mushrooms, tingled withunease.
He had though thathe would feel elated if theymanaged to steal back the Horcrux,
but somehow he did not; allhefelt as he satlooking out at the darkness, of whichhis
wand lit only a tiny part, was worry aboutwhat would happen next. It was as thoughhe
had been hurtling toward this pointfor weeks, months, maybe even years, but how he had
come to an abrupt halt, run out of road.
There were other Horcruxes out there somewhere, but he did nothave thefaintest
idea where they could be. He did not even know what all of themwere. Meanwhilehe
was at a loss to know how to destroy the only one that they had found, the Horcrux that
currentlylay against the bare flesh ofhis chest. Curiously, ithad not taken heatfromhis
body, butlay so cold againsthis skinit might just have emerged fromicy water. From
time to time Harry thought, or perhaps imagined, that he could feel the tinyheartbeat
tickingirregularly alongside his own. Nameless forebodings crept upon himas he sat
there in the dark. He tried to resist them, push them away, yet they came at him
relentlessly. Neither can live while the other survives. Ron and Hermione, now talking
softly behind himin the tent, could walk awayif they wanted to:He could not. And it
seemed to Harry as he sat there trying to master his ownfear and exhaustion, that the
Horcrux against his chest was ticking away the timehe had left. . . . Stupid idea, he told
himself, don't think that. . . .
His scar was starting to prickle again. He was afraid that he was makingithappen
by having these thoughts, and tried to direct theminto another channel. He thought of
poor Kreacher, who had expected themhome and had received Yaxleyinstead. Would

the elf keep silent or would he tellthe Death Eater everythinghe knew? Harry wanted to
believe that Kreacher had changed towards himin the past month, that he would be loyal
now, but who knew what would happen? Whatif the Death Eaters tortured the elf? Sick
images swarmed into Harry's head and he tried to push these away too, for there was
nothinghe could do for Kreacher:He and Hermione had already decided againsttrying to
summonhim; whatif someonefrom the Ministry came too? They could not count on
elfish Apparition beingfreefrom the same flaw that had taken Yaxley to Grimmauld
Place on the hem of Hermione's sleeve.
Harry's scar was burningnow. He thought that there was so much they did not
know:Lupinhad been right aboutmagic they had never encountered or imagined. Why
hadn't Dumbledore explained more? Had he thought that there would be time; that he
would livefor years, for centuries perhaps, like his friend Nicolas Flamel? If so, he had
been wrong. . . . Snape had seen to that. . . . Snape, the sleeping snake, who had struck
at
the top of the tower . . .
And Dumbledore had fallen . . . fallen . . .
"Give it to me, Gregorovitch."
Harry's voice was high, clear, and cold, his wand held infront ofhimby along-
fingered white hand. Theman at whomhe was pointing was suspended upside downin
midair, though there were no ropes holdinghim;he swung there, invisibly and eerily
bound, hislimbs wrapped about him, his terrified face, on alevelwith Harry's ruddy due
to the blood that had rushed to his head. He had pure-white hair and a thick, bushy beard:
a trussed-up Father Christmas.
"I haveitnot, I haveitno more! It was, manyyears ago, stolenfromme!"
"Do notlie to Lord Voldemort, Gregorovitch. He knows. . . . He always knows."
The hangingman's pupils were wide, dilated withfear, and they seemed to swell,
bigger and bigger untiltheir blackness swallowed Harry whole ­
And how Harry was hurrying along a dark corridor in stoutlittle Gregorovitch's
wake as he held a lantern aloft:Gregorovitch burstinto the room at the end of the passage
and hislanternilluminated whatlooked like a workshop; wood shavings and gold
gleamed in the swinging pool oflight, and there on the window ledge sat perched, like a
giant bird, a youngman withgolden hair. In the split second that thelantern's light
illuminated him, Harry saw the delightupon his handsomeface, then theintruder shot a
Stunning Spellfromhis wand and jumped neatly backward out of the window with a
crow oflaughter.
And Harry was hurtling back out of those wide, tunnellike pupils and

Gregorovitch's face was stricken with terror.
"Who was the thief, Gregorovitch?" said the high cold voice.
"I do not know, I never knew, a young man ­ no ­ please ­ PLEASE!"
A scream that went on and on and then a burst ofgreen light ­
"Harry!"
He opened his eyes, panting, hisforehead throbbing. He had passed out against
the side of the tent, had slid sideways down the canvas, and was sprawled on theground.
He looked up at Hermione, whose bushyhair obscured the tiny patch of sky visible
through the dark branches high above them.
"Dream,"he said, sittingup quickly and attempting to meet Hermione's glower
with a look ofinnocence. "Must've dozed off, sorry."
"I know itwas your scar! I can tell by thelook on your face! You were looking
into Vol ­"
"Don't say his name!" came Ron's angryvoice from the depths of the tent.
"Fine," retorted Hermione, "You-Know-Who's mind, then!"
"I didn'tmeanit to happen!" Harry said. "It was a dream! Can you controlwhat
you dream about, Hermione?"
"Ifyou justlearned to apply Occlumency ­"
But Harry was notinterested in being told off;he wanted to discuss what he had
just seen.
"He's found Gregorovitch, Hermione, and I think he's killed him, but before he
killed himhe read Gregorovitch's mind and I saw ­"
"I think I'd better take over the watch ifyou're so tired you're fallingsleep," said
Hermione coldly.
"I can finish the watch!"
"No, you're obviously exhausted. Go and lie down."
She dropped downin themouth of the tent, looking stubborn. Angry, but wishing
to avoid a row, Harry ducked back inside.
Ron's still-paleface was poking outfromthelower bunk; Harry climbed into the
one above him,lay down, and looked up at the dark canvas ceiling. After several
moments, Ron spoke in a voice so low thatitwould not carry to Hermione, huddlein the
entrance.
"What's You-Know-Who doing?"
Harry screwed up his eyes in the effort to remember every detail, then whispered
into the darkness.
"Hefound Gregorovitch. He had himtied up, he was torturinghim."

"How's Gregorovitch supposed to make him a new wand ifhe's tied up?"
"I dunno. . . . It's weird, isn'tit?"
Harry closed his eyes, thinking of allthat he had seen and heard. Themore he
recalled, theless senseitmade. . . . Voldemort had said nothing about Harry's wand,
nothing about the twin cores, nothing about Gregorovitchmaking a new and more
powerfulwand to beat Harry's. . . .
"He wanted somethingfromGregorovitch," Harry said, eyes stillclosed tight.
"He asked himto hand it over, but Gregorovitch said ithad been stolenfromhim. . . and
then . . . then . . ."
He remembered how he, as Voldemort, had seemed to hurtle through
Gregorovitch's eyes, into his memories. . . .
"He read Gregorovitch's mind, and I saw this young bloke perched on a
windowsill, and hefired a curse at Gregorovitch and jumped out of sight. He stole it, he
stole whatever You-Know-Who's after. And I . . . I think I've seen himsomewhere. . . ."
Harry wished he could have another glimpse of thelaughing boy's face. The theft
had happened manyyears ago, according to Gregorovitch. Why did the young thieflook
familiar?
The noises of the surrounding woods were muffled inside the tent; allHarry could
hear was Ron's breathing. After a while, Ron whispered, "Couldn't you see what the
thief was holding?"
"No . . . itmust've been something small."
"Harry?"
The wooden slats of Ron's bunk creaked as he repositioned himselfin bed.
"Harry, you don't reckon You-Know-Who's after something else to turninto a
Horcrux?"
"I don't know," said Harry slowly. "Maybe. But wouldn'tit be dangerous for him
to make another one? Didn't Hermione say he had pushed his soulto thelimit already?"
"Yeah, butmaybe he doesn't know that."
"Yeah . . .maybe," said Harry.
He had been sure that Voldemort had been lookingfor a way around the problem
of the twin cores, sure that Voldemort sought a solutionfromthe old wandmaker . . . and
yet he had killed him, apparently without askinghim a single question about wandlore.
What was Voldemort trying to find? Why, with the Ministry of Magic and the
Wizarding world at his feet, was hefar away, intent on the pursuit of an object that
Gregorovitch had once owned, and whichhad been stolen by the unknown thief?
Harry could stillsee the blond-haired youth's face; it was merry, wild; there was a

Fred and George-ish air of triumphant trickery about him. He had soared from the
windowsilllike a bird, and Harryhad seen him before, but he could not think where. . . .
With Gregorovitch dead, it was themerry-faced thief who was in danger now, and
itwas on himthat Harry's thoughts dwelled, as Ron's snores began to rumblefromthe
lower bunk and as he himself drifted slowlyinto sleep once more.


Chapter Fifteen
The Goblin's Revenge

Earlynextmorning, before the other two were awake, Harry left the tent to search
the woods around themfor the oldest, most gnarled, and resilient-looking tree he could
find. Thereinits shadows he buried Mad-Eye Moody's eye and marked the spot by
gouging a small cross in the bark withhis wand. It was notmuch, but Harry felt that
Mad-Eye would havemuch preferred this to being stuck on Dolores Umbridge's door.
Then he returned to the tent to waitfor the others to wake, and discuss what they were
going to do next.
Harry and Hermionefelt thatit was best not to stay anywhere too long, and Ron
agreed, wit the sole proviso that their nextmove took themwithin reach of a bacon
sandwich. Hermione therefore removed the enchantments she had placed around the
clearing, while Harry and Ron obliterated allthemarks and impressions on the ground
thatmight show they had camped there. Then they Disapparated to the outskirts of a
smallmarket town.
Once they had pitched the tentin the shelter of a small copse of trees and
surrounded it withfreshly cast defensive enchantments. Harryventured out under the
Invisibility Cloak to find sustenance. This, however, did not go as planned. He had barely
entered the town when an unnatural chill, a descendingmist, and a sudden darkening of
the skies made himfreeze where he stood.
"Butyou can make a brilliant Patronus!"protested Ron, when Harry arrived back at the
tent empty handed, out of breath, and mouthing the single word, dementors.
"I couldn't . . . make one."he panted, clutching the stitch inhis side. "Wouldn't . . .
come."
Their expressions of consternation and disappointmentmade Harry feel ashamed. It had
been a nightmarish experience, seeing the dementors gliding out of themustin the
distance and realizing, as the paralyzing cold choked hislungs and a distant screaming
filled his ears, that he was not going to be able to protect himself. It had taken allHarry's

willpower to uproot himselffrom the spot and run, leaving the eyeless dementors to glide
amongst the Muggles who mightnot be able to see them, but would assuredlyfeel the
despair they cast wherever they went.
"So we stillhaven't got anyfood."
"Shutup, Ron," snapped Hermione. "Harry, what happened? Why do you think
you couldn'tmake your Patronus? You managed perfectlyyesterday!"
"I don't know."
He sat low in one of Perkins's old armchairs, feelingmore humiliated by the
moment. He was afraid that somethinghad gone wronginside him. Yesterday seemed a
long time ago:Todaymemighthave been thirteen years old again, the only one who
collapsed on the Hogwarts Express.
Ron kicked a chairleg.
"What?"he snarled at Hermione. "I'm starving! AllI've had since I bled half to
death is a couple of toadstools!"
"You go and fightyour way through the dementors, then," said Harry, stung.
"I would, butmy arm's in a sling,in case you hadn't noticed!"
"That's convenient."
"And what's that supposed to -- ?"
"Of course!" cried Hermione, clapping a hand to her forehead and startling both
of theminto silence. "Harry, giveme the locket! Come on," she said impatiently, clicking
her fingers at himwhen he did not react,"to Horcrux, Harry, you're stillwearingit!"
She held out her hands, and Harrylifted the golden chain over his head. The
momentit parted contact with Harry's skinhefree and oddlylight. He had not even
realized that he was clammy or that there was a heavy weight pressing on his stomach
until both sensations lifted.
"Better?" asked Hermione.
"Yeah, loads better!"
"Harry," she said, crouching downinfront ofhimand using the kind of voice he
associated withvisiting the very sick, "you don't think you've been possessed, do you?"
"What? No!" he said defensively,"I remember everything we've done while I've
bee wearingit. I wouldn't know what I'd doneif I'd been possessed, would I? Ginny told
me there were times when she couldn't remember anything."
"Hmm," said Hermione, looking down at the heavylocket. "Well, maybe we
oughtnot to wear it. We can just keep itin the tent."
"We are notleaving that Horcruxlying around," Harry stated firmly."If weloseit,
ifitgets stolen--"

"Oh, allright, allright," said Hermione, and she placed it around her own neck
and tucked it out of sight down thefront of her shirt. "But we'lltake turns wearingit, so
nobody keeps it on too long."
"Great," said Ronirritably,"and now we've sorted that out, can we please get
somefood?"
"Fine, but we'llgo somewhere else to find it," said Hermione withhalf a glance at
Harry. "There's no point staying where we know dementors are swooping around."
In the end they settled downfor the nightin afar flungfield belonging to a lonely
farm, fromwhich they had managed to obtain eggs and bread.
"It's not stealing,isit?" asked Hermione in a troubled voice, as they devoured
scrambled eggs on toast. "Not if I left somemoney under the chicken coo?"
Ron rolled his eyes and said, withhis cheeks bulging,"Er-my-nee, 'oo worry 'oo
much. 'Elax!"
And, indeed, it was much easier to relax when they were comfortably wellfed.
The argument about the dementors was forgotteninlaughter that night, and Harryfelt
cheerful, even hopeful, as he took thefirst of the three night watches.
This was their first encounter with thefact that a fullstomach meant good spirits,
an empty one, bickering and gloom. Harry was least surprised by this, because be had
suffered periods of near starvation at the Dursleys'. Hermione bore up reasonably wellon
those nights when they managed to scavenge nothing but berries or stale biscuits, her
temper perhaps a little shorter thanusualand her silences dour. Ron, however, had
always been used to three delicious meals a day, courtesy ofhismother or of the
Hogwarts house-elves, and hunger made him both unreasonable and irascible. Whenever
lack offood coincided with Ron's turn to wear the Horcrux, he became downright
unpleasant.
"So where next?" was his constant refrain. He did not seem to have anyideas
himself, but expected Harry and Hermione to come up with plans whilehe sat and
brooded over thelow food supplies. Accordingly Harry and Hermione spentfruitless
hours trying to decide where they mightfind the other Horcruxes, and how to destroy the
one they already got, their conversations becomingincreasingly repetitive as they got no
new information.
As Dumbledore had told Harry that be believed Voldemort had hidden the
Horcruxes in places important to him, they kept reciting, in a sort of dreary litany, those
locations they knew that Voldemorthad lived or visited. The orphanage where he had
been born and raised:Hogwarts, where he had been educated; Borgin and Burks, where
he had worked after completing school; then Albania, where he had spent hisyears of

exile:Theseformed the basis of their speculations.
"Yeah, let's go to Albania. Shouldn't take more than an afternoon to search an
entire country," said Ron sarcastically.
"There can't be anything there. He'd already madefive ofhis Horcruxes before he
wentinto exile, and Dumbledore was certain the snake is the sixth," said Hermione. "We
know the snake's notin Albania, it's usually with Vol--"
"Didn't I ask you to stop say that?"
"Fine! The snake is usually with You-Know-Who--happy?"
"Not particularly."
"I can't see himhiding anything at Borgin and Burkes." said Harry, who had made
this pointmany times before, but said it again simply to break the nasty silence. "Borgin
and Burke were experts at Dark objects, they would've recognized a Horcrux
straightaway."
Ron yawned pointedly. Repressing a strongurge to throw something at him,
Harry plowed on,"I stillreckon hemighthave hidden something at Hogwarts."
Hermione sighed.
"But Dumbledore would havefound it, Harry!"
Harry repeated the argumenthe kept bringing outinfavor of this theory.
"Dumbledore said infront ofme that he never assumed he knew allof Hogwart's
secrets. I'm tellingyou, ifthere was one place Vol--"
"Oi!"
"YOU-KNOW-WHO, then!" Harry shouted, goaded past endurance. "If there was
one place that was reallyimportant to You-Know-Who, it was Hogwarts!"
"Oh, come on," scoffed Ron."His school?"
"Yeah, his school! It was hisfirst realhome, the place thatmeant he was special:
itmeant everything to him, and even after heleft--"
"Thisis You-Know-Who we're talking about, right? Not you?"inquired Ron. He
was tugging at the chain of the Horcrux around his neck; Harry was visited by a desire to
seizeit and throttlehim.
"You told us that You-Know-Who asked Dumbledore to give him a job after he
left," said Hermione.
"That's right," said Harry.
"And Dumbledore thoughthe only wanted to come back to try and find something,
probably another founder's object, to make into another Horcrux?"
"Yeah," said Harry.
"Buthe didn'tget the job, did he?" said Hermione. "So he never got the chance to

find a founder's object there and hide itin the school!"
"Okay, then," said Harry, defeated. "Forget Hogwarts."
Without any other leads, they traveled into London and, hidden beneath the
Invisibility Cloak, search for the orphanagein which Voldemorthad been raised.
Hermione stoleinto a library and discovered from their records that the place had been
demolished manyyears before. They visited its site and found a tower block of offices.
"We could try diggingin to foundations?"Hermione suggested halfheartedly.
"He wouldn't have hidden a Horcruxhere,"Harry said. He had knownit allalong.
The orphanage had been the place Voldemort had been determined to escape; he would
never have hidden a part of his soulthere. Dumbledore had shown Harry that Voldemort
soughtgrandeur or mystiqueinhis hiding places; this dismalgray corner of London was
as far removed as you could imaginefromHogwarts of the Ministry or a buildinglike
Gringotts, the Wizarding banks, withits gilded doors and marblefloors.
Even without any new idea, they continued to move through the countryside,
pitching the tentin a different place each nightfor security. Everymorning they made
sure that they had removed all clues to their presence, then set off to find another lonely
and secluded spot, traveling by Apparition to more woods, to the shadowy crevices of
cliffs, to purplemoors, gorse-covered mountainsides, and once a sheltered and pebbly
cove. Every twelve hours or so they passed the Horcrux between them as though they
were playing some perverse, slow-motiongame of pass-the-parcel, where they dreaded
themusic stopping because the reward was twelve hours ofincreased fear and anxiety.
Harry's scare kept prickling. It happened most often, he noticed, when he was
wearing the Horcrux. Sometimes he could not stop himselfreacting to the pain.
"What? What did you see?" demanded Ron, whenever he noticed Harry wince.
"A face,"muttered Harry, every time. "The sameface. The thief who stolefrom
Gregorovitch."
And Ron would turn away, makingno effort to hide his disappointment. Harry
knew that Ron was hoping to bear news ofhisfamily or the rest of the Order of the
Phoenix, but after all, he, Harry, was not a television aerial;he could only see what
Voldemort was thinking at the time, not tunein to whatever took hisfancy. Apparently
Voldemort was dwelling endlessly on theunknown youth with the gleefulface, whose
name and whereabouts, Harry felt sure, Voldemort knew no better than he did. As
Harry's scar continued to burn and the merry, blond-haired boy swam tantalizinglyinhis
memory, helearned to suppress any sign of pain or discomfort, for the other two showed
nothing butimpatience at themention of the thief. He could not entirely blame them,
when they were so desperate for alean on the Horcruxes.

As the days stretched into weeks, Harry began to suspect that Ron and Hermione
were having conversations without, and about, him. Several times they stopped talking
abruptly when Harry entered the tent, and twice he came accidentallyupon them,huddled
a little distance away, heads together and talkingfast; both times theyfellsilent when
they realized he was approaching them and hastened to appear busy collecting wood or
water.
Harry could not help wondering whether theyhad only agreed to come on what
now feltlike a pointless and rambling journey because they thoughthe had some secret
plan that they would learnin due course. Ton was makingno effort to hide his bad mood,
and Harry was starting to fear that Hermione too was disappointed by his poor
leadership.
In desperation he tried to think offurther Horcruxlocations, but the only one that
continued to occur to himwas Hogwarts, and as neither of the others thought this at all
likely, he stopped suggestingit.
Autumn rolled over the countryside as they moved throughit. They were now
pitching the tent onmulches offallenleaves. Naturalmists joined those cast by the
dementors; wind and rain added to their troubles. Thefact that Hermione was getting
better at identifying ediblefungi could not altogether compensatefor their continuing
isolation, thelack of other people's company, or their totalignorance of what was going
on in the war against Voldemort.
"My mother," said Ron on night, as they satin the tent on a riverbank in Wales,
"can make good food appear out of thin air."
He prodded moodily at thelumps of charred gray fish on his plate. Harry glanced
automatically at Ron's neck and saw, as he has expected, the golden chain of the Horcrux
glinting there. Hemanaged to fight down theimpulse to swear at Ron, whose attitude
would, he knew, improve slightly when the time came to take off thelocket.
"Your mother can't produce food out ofthin air," said Hermione. "no one can.
Food is thefirst of thefive PrincipalExceptions to Gamp's Law of Elemental
Transfigura--"
"Oh, speak English, can't you?"Ron said, prising a fish outfrom between his
teeth.
"It's impossible to make good food out of nothing! You can Summonitifyou
know where itis, you can transformit, you can increase the quantityifyou've already got
some--"
"Well, don't bother increasing this, it's disgusting," said Ron.
"Harry caught thefish and I did my best withit! I notice I'm always the one who

ends up sorting out thefood, because I'ma girl, I suppose!"
"No, it's because you're supposed to be the best at magic!" shot back Ron.
Hermione jumped up and bits of roast pike slid offher tin plate onto thefloor.
"You can do the cooking tomorrow, Ron, you can find theingredients and try and
charm theminto something worth eating, and I'llsithere and pullfaces and moan and
you can see you--"
"Shutup!," said Harry, leaping to his feet and holdingup both hands. "Shutup
now!"
Hermionelooked outraged.
"How can you side withhim, he hardly ever does the cook--"
"Hermione, be quiet, I can hear someone!"
He was listeninghard, his hands stillraised, warning themnot to talk. Then, over
the rush and gush of the dark river beside them, he heard voices again. Helooked around
at the Sneakoscope. It was notmoving.
"You cast the Muffliato charm over us, right?"he whispered to Hermione.
"I did everything," she whispered back, "Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and
Disillusionment Charms, allofit. They shouldn't be able to hear of see us, whoever they
are."
Heavy scuffing and scrapingnoises, plus the sound of dislodged stones and twigs,
told them that several people were clambering down the steep, wooded slope that
descended to the narrow bank where they had pitched the tent. They drew their wands,
waiting. The enchantments they had cast around themselves ought to be sufficient,in the
near total darkness, to shield themfrom the notice of Muggles and normalwitches and
wizards. If these were Death Eaters, then perhaps their defenses were about to be tested
by Dark Magicfor thefirst time.
The voices becamelouder but no more intelligible as the group of men reached
the bank. Harry estimated that their owners werefewer than twentyfeet away, but the
cascading river made itimpossible to tellfor sure. Hermione snatched up the beaded bag
and started to rummage; after a moment she drew out three Extendible Ears and threw
one each to Harry and Ron, who hastilyinserted the ends of theflesh-colored stringsinto
their ears and fed the other ends out of the tent entrance.
Within seconds Harry heard a weary male voice.
"There ought to be a few salmoninhere, or d'you reckon it's too earlyin the
season? Accio Salmon!"
There were several distinct splashes and then the slapping sounds offish against
flesh. Somebody grunted appreciatively. Harry pressed the Extendable ear deeper into his

own: Over themurmur of the river he couldmake outmore voices, but they were not
speaking English or anyhumanlanguage he had ever heard. It was a rough and
unmelodious tongue, a string of rattling, gutturalnoises, and there seemed to be two
speakers, one with a slightlylower, slower voice than the other.
A fire danced into life on the other side of the canvas, large shadows passed
between tent and flames. The delicious smell of baking salmon wafted tantalizinglyin
their direction. Then came the clinking of cutlery on plates, and thefirstman spoke again.
"Here, Griphook, Gornuk."
Goblins! Hermionemouthed at Harry, who nodded.
"Thank you," said the goblins together in English.
"So, you three have been on the runhow long?" asked a new, mellow, and
pleasant voice;it was vaguelyfamiliar to Harry, who pictured a round-bellied, cheerful-
faced man.
"Six weeks . . . Seven . . . I forget," said the tired man. "Met up with Griphook in
thefirst couple of days and joined forces with Gornuk notlong after. Nice to have a but
of company." There was a pause, while knives scraped plates and tinmugs were picked
up and replaced on the ground. "What made youleave, Ted?" continued theman.
"Knew they were comingfor me," replied mellow-voiced Ted, and Harry
suddenly knew who he was:Tonks's father. "Heard Death Eaters were in the area last
week and decided I'd better runfor it. Refused to register as a Muggle-born on principle,
see, so I knew it was a matter of time, knew I'd have to leavein the end. My wife should
be okay, she's pure-blood. And then I net Dean here, what, a few days ago, son?"
"Yeah," said another voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at each other,
silent but besides themselves with excitement, sure they recognized the voice of Dean
Thomas, theirfellow Gryffindor.
"Muggle-born, eh?" asked thefirstman.
"Not sure ," said Dean. "My dad leftmymumwhen I was a kid. I've gotno proof
he was a wizard, though."
There was silence for a while, exceptfor the sounds ofmunching; then Ted spoke
again.
"I've got to say, Dirk, I'm surprised to runinto you. Pleased, but surprised. Word
was that you'd been caught."
"I was," said Dirk. "I was halfway to Azkaban when I made a break for it.
Stunned Dawlish, and nicked his broom. It was easier than you'd think; I don't reckon
he's quite right at themoment .Might be Confunded. If so, I'd like to shake the hand of
the witch or wizard who did it, probably saved mylife."

There was another pausein which thefire crackled and the river rushed on. The
Ted said, "And where do you two fitin? I, er, had theimpression the goblins were for
You-Know-Who, on the whole."
"You had a falseimpression," said the higher-voiced of the goblins. "We take no
sides. This is a wizards' war."
"How come you're inhiding, then?"
"I deemed in prudent," said the deeper-voiced goblin. "Having refused what I
considered animpertinent request, I could see thatmy person safety was in jeopardy."
"What did they ask you to do?" asked Ted.
"Duties ill-befitting the dignity ofmy race," replied the goblin, hisvoice rougher
and less human as he said it. "I amnot a house-elf."
"What about you, Griphook?"
"Similar reasons," said the higher voiced goblin. "Gringotts is no longer under the
sole control ofmy race. I recognizeno Wizardingmaster."
He added somethingunder his breathinGobbledegook, and Gornuk laughed.
"What's the joke?" asked Dean.
"He said," replied Dirk, "that there are things wizards don't recognize, either."
There was a short pause.
"I don't getit," said Dean.
"I had my smallrevenge before I left,," said Griphook in English.
"Good man--goblin, I should say," amended Ted hastily. "Didn'tmanage to lock
a Death Eater up in one of the old high-securityvaults, I suppose?"
"If I had, the sword would not have helped him break out," replied Griphook.
Gornuk laughed again and even Dirk gave a dry chuckle.
"Dean and I are stillmissing somethinghere," said Ted.
"So is Severus Snape, thoughhe does not know it," said Griphook, and the two
goblins roared withmalicious laughter. Inside the tent Harry's breathing was shallow
with excitement:He and Hermione stared at each other, listening as hard as they could.
"Didn't you hear about that, Ted?" asked Dirk. "About the kids who tried to steal
Gryffindor's sword out of Snape's office at Hogwarts?"
An electric current seemed to course through Harry, janglinghis everynerve as he
stood rooted to the spot.
"Never heard a word," said Ted, "Not in the Prophet, was it?"
"Hardly," chortled Dirk. "Griphook here told me, he heard aboutitfromBill
Weasley who works for the bank. One of the kids who tried to take the sword was Bill's
younger sister."

Harry glanced toward Hermione and Ron, both of whomwere clutching the
Extendable Ears as tightly as lifelines.
"She and a couple offriends gotinto Snape's office and smashed open the glass
case where he was apparently keeping the sword. Snape caught them as they were trying
to smuggleit down the staircase.
"Ah, God bless `em," said Ted. "What did they think, that they'd be able to use
the sword on You-Know-Who? Or on Snape himself?
"Well, whatever they thought they were going to do withit, Snape decided the
sword wasn't safe where it was," said Dirk. "Couple of days later, once he'd got the say-
so fromYou-Know-Who, I imagine, he sentit down to London to be kept in Gringotts
instead."
The goblins started to laugh again.
"I'm stillnot seeing the joke," said Ted.
"It's afake," rasped Griphook.
"The sword of Gryffindor!"
"Oh yes. Itis a copy--en excellent copy, itis true--butit was Wizard-made. The
originalwas forged centuries ago by goblins and had certain properties onlygoblin-made
armor possesses. Wherever the genuine sword of Gryffindor is, itis notin a vault at
Gringotts bank."
"I see," said Ted. "And I take ityou didn't bother telling the Death Eaters this/'
"I saw no reason to trouble themwith the information," said Griphook smugly,
and now Ted and Dean joined in Gornuk and Dirk's laughter.
Inside the tent, Harry closed his eyes, willing someone to ask the question he
needed answered, and after a minute that seemed ten, Dean obliged:he was (Harry
remembered with a jolt) an ex-boyfriend of Ginny's too.
"What happened to Ginny and allthe others? The ones who tried to stealit?"
"Oh, they were punished, and cruelly,"said Griphook indifferently.
"They're okay, though?" asked Ted quickly, "I mean, the Weasleys don't need
any more of their kids injured, do they?"
"They suffered no serious injury, as far as I am aware," said Griphook.
"Luckyfor them," said Ted. "With Snape's track record I suppose we should just
be glad they're stillalive."
"You believe that story, then, do you, Ted?" asked Dirk." You believe Snape
killed Dumbledore?
"Course I do," said Ted. "You're not going to sit there and tellme you think
Potter had anything to do withit?"

"Hard to know what to believe these days,"muttered Dirk.
"I know Harry Potter," said Dean. "And I reckon he's the real thing--the Chosen
One, or whatever you want to callit."
"Yeah, there's a lot would like to believe he's that, son," said Dirk, "meincluded.
But where is he? Runfor it, by thelooks of things. You'd think ifhe knew anything we
don't, or had anything specialgoingfor him, he'd be out there now fighting, rallying
resistance, instead of hiding. And you know, the Prophet made a prettygood case against
him--"
"The Prophet?" scoffed Ted. "You deserve to be lied to ifyou're stillreading that
much, Dirk. You want thefacts, try the Quibbler."
There was a sudden explosion of choking and retching, plus a good deal of
thumping, by the sound ofit. Dirk had swallowed a fish bone. Atlast he sputtered, "The
Quibbler? Thatlunatic rag of Xeno Lovegood's?"
"It's not so lunatic these days," said Ted. "You want to giveit a look, Xeno is
printing allthe stuffthe Prophet's ignoring, not a singlemention of Crumple-Horned
Snorkacks in thelastissue. How long they'lllet himget withit, mind, I don't know. But
Xeno says, front page of everyissue, that any wizard who's against You-Know-Who
ought to make helping Harry Potter theirnumber-one priority."
"Hard to help a boy who's vanished off theface of the earth," said Dirk.
"Listen, thefact that they haven't caughthimyet's one hell of an achievement,"
said Ted. "I'd take tips fromhimgladly;it's what we're trying to do, stay free, isn'tit?"
"Yeah, well, you've got a point there," said Dirk heavily. "With the whole of the
Ministry and alltheirinformers lookingfor him, I'd have expected himto be caught by
now. Mind, who's to say they haven't already caught and killed himwithout publicizing
it?"
"Ah, don't say that, Dirk,"murmured Ted.
There was a long pause filled withmore clattering of knives and forks. When they
spoke againitwas to discuss whether they ought to sleep on the back or retreat back up
the wooded slope. Deciding the trees would give better cover, they extinguished their fire,
then clambered back up theincline, theirvoices fading away.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione reeled in the Extendable Ears. Harry, who had found
the need to remain silentincreasingly difficult thelonger they eavesdropped, now found
himselfunable to say more then, "Ginny--the sword--"
"I know!" said Hermione.
She lunged for the tiny beaded bag, this time sinkingher arminit rightup to the
armpit.

"Here . . . we . . . are . . ." she said between gritted teeth, and she pulled at
something that was evidentlyin the depths of the bag. Slowly the edge of an ornate
pictureframe cameinto sight. Harry hurried to help her. As theylifted the empty portrait
of Phineas Nigellusfree of Hermione's bag, she kept her wand pointing atit, ready to
cast a spell at anymoment.
"If somebody swapped the real sword for theface whileit was in Dumbledore's
office," she panted, as they propped the painting against the side of the tent, "Phineas
Nigellus would have seenithappen, he hangs right beside the case!"
"Unless he was asleep," said Harry, buthe stillheld his breath as Hermione knelt
down infront of the empty canvas, her wand directed atits center, cleared her throat,
then
said:
"Er--Phineas? Phineas Nigellus?"
Nothinghappened.
"Phineas Nigellus?" said Hermione again. "Professor Black? Please could we talk
to you? Please?"
"'Please' always helps," said a cold, snide voice, and Phineas Nigellus slid into
his portrait. At one, Hermione cried:
"Obscura!"
A black blindfold appeared over Phineas Nigellus's clever, dark eyes, causing
himto bump into theframe and shriek with pain.
"What--how dare--what are you--?"
"I'mvery sorry, Professor Black," said Hermione, "butit's a necessary
precaution!"
"remove thisfoul addition at once! Removeit, I say! You are ruining a great work
of art! Where am I? Whatis going on?"
"Never mind where we are," said Harry, and Phineas Nigellusfroze, abandoning
his attempts to peel off the painted blindfold.
"Can that possible be the voice of the elusive Mr. Potter?"
"Maybe," said Harry, knowing that this would keep Phineas Nigellus's interest.
"We've got a couple of questions to ask you--about the sword of Gryffindor."
"Ah," said Phineas Nigellus, now turninghis head this way and thatin an effort to
catch sight of Harry, "yes. That sillygirlacted most unwisely there--"
"Shutup aboutmy sister," said Ron roughly, Phineas Nigellus raised supercilious
eyebrows.
"Who else is here?"he asked, turninghis head from side to side. "Your tone

displeases me! The girl and her friends were foolhardilyin the extreme. Thievingfrom
the headmaster."
"They weren't thieving," said Harry. "That sword isn't Snape's."
"It belongs to Professor Snape's school," said Phineas Nigellus. "Exactly what
claim did the Weasley girlhave upon it? She deserved her punishment, as did theidiot
Longbottom and the Lovegood oddity!"
"Nevilleis not an idiot and Lunais not an oddity!" said Hermione.
"Where am I?" repeated Phineas Nigellus, starting to wrestle with the blindfold
again. "Where have you broughtme? Whyhave you removed mefrom the house ofmy
forebears?"
"never mind that! How did Snape punish Ginny, Neville, and Luna?" asked Harry
urgently.
"Professor Snape sent theminto the Forbidden Forest, to do some work for the
oaf, Hagrid."
"Hagrid's not an oaf!" said Hermione shrilly.
"And Snape might've though that was a punishment," said Harry, "buy Ginny,
Neville, and Luna probablyhad a good laugh with Hagrid. The Forbidden Forest . . .
they'vefaced plenty worse than the Forbidden Forest, big deal!"
Hefelt relieved; he had been imagininghorrors, the Cruciatus Curse at the very
least.
"What we really wanted to know, Professor Black, is whether anyone else has, um,
taken out the sword at all? Maybe it's been taken away for cleaning--or something!"
Phineas Nigellus paused againinhis struggles to free his eyes and sniggered.
"Muggle-born,"he said, "Goblin-made armor does not require cleaning, simple
girl. Goblin's silver repels mundane dirt, imbibing only that which strengthens it."
"Don't callHermione simple," said Harry.
"I grow weary of contradiction," said Phineas Nigellus. "perhaps itis timefor me
to return to the headmaster's office.?"
Stillblindfolded, he began groping the side of his frame, trying to feelhis way out
of his picture and back into the one at Hogwarts. Harry had a suddeninspiration.
"Dumbledore! Can't you bringus Dumbledore?"
"I beg your pardon?" asked Phineas Nigellus.
"Professor Dumbledore's portrait--couldn'tyou bringhimalong, here, into
yours?"
Phineas Nigellus turned his face in the direction of Harry's voice.
"Evidentlyitis not only Muggle-borns who are ignorant, Potter. The portraits of

Hogwarts may commune with each other, but they cannot travel outside of the castle
except to visit a painting of themselves elsewhere. Dumbledore cannot come here with
me, and after the treatment I have received at your hands, I can assure you that I willnot
be making a returnvisit!"
Slightly crestfallen, Harry watched Phineas redouble his attempts to leave his
frame.
"Professor Black," said Hermione, "couldn'tyou just tellus, please, when was the
last time the sword was taken out ofits case? Before Ginny took it out, I mean?"
Phineas snorted impatiently.
"I believe that thelast time I saw the sword of Gryffindor leaveits case was when
Professor Dumbledore used it to break open a ring."
Hermione whipped around to look at Harry. Neither of them dared say more in
front of Phineas Nigellus, who had atleastmanaged to locate the exit.
"Well, good night to you,"he said a little waspishly, and he began to move out of
sight again. Only the edge of hishat brimremained inview when Harry gave a sudden
shout.
"Wait! Have you told Snape you saw this?"
Phineas Nigellus stuck his blindfolded head back into the picture.
"Professor Snape has more important things on his mind that themany
eccentricities of Albus Dumbledore. Good-bye, Potter!"
And with that, he vanished completely,leaving behind himnothing buthismurky
backdrop.
"Harry!" Hermione cried.
"I know!"Harry shouted. Unable to containhimself, he punched the air;it was
more than he had dared to hope for. He strode up and down the tent, feeling that he could
have run a mile;he did not evenfeelhungry anymore. Hermione was squashing Phineas
Nigellus's back into the beaded bag; when she had fastened the clasp she threw the bag
aside and raised a shiningface to Harry.
"The sword can destroy Horcruxes! Goblin-made blades imbibe only that which
strengthens them--Harry, that sword's impregnated with basilisk venom!"
"And Dumbledore didn'tfiveit to me because he stillneeded it, he wanted to use
it on thelocket--"
"--and hemusthave realized they wouldn'tlet you haveitifhe putitinhis
will--"
"--so hemade a copy--"
"--and put afake in the glass case--"

"--and heleft the real one--where?"
Theygazed at east other Harryfelt that the answer was danglinginvisiblyin the
air above them, tantalizingly close. Why hadn't Dumbledore told him? Or had he, infact,
told Harry, but Harry had not realized it at the time?"
"Think!" whispered Hermione. "Think! Where would he haveleftit?"
"Not at Hogwarts," said Harry, resuminghis pacing.
"Somewherein Hogsmeade?" suggested Hermione.
"The Shrieking Shack?" said Harry. "Nobody ever goes in there."
"But Snape knows how to getin, wouldn't that be a bit risky?"
"Dumbledore trusted Snape," Harry reminded her.
"Not enough to tellhimthat he had swapped the swords," said Hermione.
"Yeah, you're right!" said Harry, and hefelt evenmore cheered at the thought
that Dumbledore had had some reservations, however faint, about Snape's
trustworthiness. "So, would he have hidden the sword well awayfromHogsmeade, then?
What d'you reckon, Ron? Ron?"
Harry looked around. For one bewildered moment he thought that Ron had left
the tent, then realized that Ron was lyinginthe shadow of a bunk, looking stony.
"Oh, remembered me, have you?"he said.
"What?"
Ron snorted as he stared up at the underside of the upper bunk.
"You two carry on. Don'tletme spoilyour fun."
Perplexed, Harrylooked to Hermionefor help, but she shook her head, apparently
as nonplussed as he was.
"What's the problem?" asked Harry.
"Problem? There's no problem," said Ron, stillrefusing to look at Harry. "Not
according to you, anyways."
There were several plunks on the canvas over their heads. It had started to rain.
"Well, you've obviouslygot a problem," said Harry. "Spitit out, willyou?"
Ron swunghislonglegs off the bed and sat up. He looked mean, unlike himself.
"Allright, I'llspitit out. Don't expectme to skip up and down the tent because
there's some other damn thing we've got to find. Just add it to thelist of stuffyou don't
know."
"I don't know?" repeated Harry. "I don't know?"
Plunk, plunk, plunk. The rain was fallingharder and heavier;it pattered on the
leaf-strewn bank all around them and into the river chattering through the dark. Dread
doused Harry's jubilation; Ron was saying exactly what he had suspected and feared him

to be thinking.
"It's notlike I'mnot having the time of mylifehere," said Ron, "you know, with
my armmangled and nothing to eat and freezingmy backside off every night. I just
hoped, you know, after we'd been running round afew weeks, we'd have achieved
something."
"Ron," Hermione said, butin such a quiet voice that Ron could pretend not to
have heard it over theloud tattoo the rain was beating on the tent.
"I thoughtyou knew what you'd signed up for," said Harry.
"Yeah, I thought I did too."
"So what part ofitisn'tlivingup to your expectations?" asked Harry. Anger was
coming to his defense now. "Did you think we'd be stayinginfive-star hotels? Finding a
Horcrux every other day? Did you think you'd be back to Mummy by Christmas?"
"We thoughtyou knew what you were doing!" shouted Ron, standingup, and his
words Harrylike scalding knives. "We thoughtDumbledore had told you what to do, we
thoughtyouhad a real plan!"
"Ron!" said Hermione, this time clearly audible over the rain thundering on the
tent roof, but again, heignored her.
"Well, sorry to let you down," said Harry, his voice quite calm even thoughhe
felthollow, inadequate. "I've been straightwithyoufrom the start. I told you everything
Dumbledore told me. And in the case youhaven't noticed, we'vefound one Horcrux--"
"Yeah, and we're about as near gettingrid ofit as we are to finding the rest of
them--nowhere effingnear in other words."
"take off thelocket, Ron," Hermione said, her voice unusuallyhigh."Please take
it off. You wouldn't be talkinglike thisifyouhadn't been wearingit all day."
"Yeah, he would," said Harry, who did not want excuses made for Ron. "D'you
think I haven't noticed the two of you whispering behind my back? D'you think I didn't
guess you were thinking this stuff?
"Harry, we weren't--"
"Don'tlie!" Ron hurled at her. "You said it too, you said you were disappointed,
you said you'd thoughthe had a bitmore to go on than--"
"I didn't sayitlike that--Harry, I didn't!" she cried.
The rain was pounding the tent, tears were pouring down Hermione's face, and
the excitement of afew minutes before had vanished as ifithad never been, a short-lived
firework that had flared and died, leaving everything dark, wet, and cold. The sword of
Gryffindor was hidden they knew not where, and their were three teenagers in a tent
whose only achievement was not, yet, to be dead.

"So why are you stillhere?" Harry asked Ron.
"Search me," said Ron.
"Go home then," said Harry.
"Yeah, maybe I will!" shouted Ron, and he took several steps toward Harry, who
did not back away. "Didn't youhear what they said aboutmy sister? Butyou don'tgive a
rat's fart, do you, it's only the Forbidden Forest, Harry I've-Faced-Worse Potter doesn't
care what happened to her in there--well, I do, allright, giant spiders and mentalstuff--"
"I was only saying--she was with the others, they were with Hagrid--"
"Yeah, I getit, you don't care! And what about the rest ofmyfamily, `the
Weasleys don'tneed another kid injured,' did youhear that?"
"Not bothered whatitmeant, though?"
"Ron!" said Hermione, forcingher way between them. "I don't think itmeans
anythingnew has happened, anythingwe don't know about; think, Ron, Bill's already
scared, plenty of peoplemusthave seen that George has lost an ear by now, and you're
supposed to be on your deathbed with spattergroit, I'm sure that's allhemeant--"
"Oh, you're sure, are you? Right then, well, I won't bother myself about them.
It's allrightfor you, isn'tit, withyour parents safely out of the way--"
"My parents are dead!" Harry bellowed.
"And mine could be going the same way!"yelled Ron.
"Then GO!" roared Harry. "Go back to them, pretend you're got over your
spattergroit and Mummy'll be able to feed you up and--"
Ronmade a sudden movement:Harry reacted, but before either wand was clear of
its owner's pocket, Hermione had raised her own.
"Prestego!" she cried, and aninvisible shield expanded between her and Harry on
the one side and Ron on the other; all of themwere forced backward a few steps by the
strength of the spell, and Harry and Ron glared from either side of the transparent barrier
as though they were seeing each other clearlyfor thefirst time. Harry felt a corrosive
hatred toward Ron: Somethinghad broken between them.
"Leave the Horcrux," Harry said.
Ron wrenched the chainfrom over hishead and cast thelocket into a nearby chair.
He turned to Hermione.
"What are you doing?"
"What do youmean?"
"Are you staying, or what?"
"I . . ." Shelooked anguished. "Yes--yes, I'm staying. Ron, we said we'd go with
Harry, we said we'd help--"

"I getit. You choose him."
"Ron, no--please--come back, come back!"
She was impeded by her own Shield Charm; by the time she had removed ithe
had already stormed into the night. Harry stood quite stilland silent, listening to her
sobbing and callingRon's name amongst the trees.
After afew minutes she returned, her soppinghair plastered to her face.
"He's g-g-gone! Disapparated!"
She threw herselfinto a chair, curled up, and started to cry.
Harry felt dazed. He stooped, picked up the Horcrux, and placed it around his
own neck. He dragged blankets off Ron's bunk and threw them over Hermione. Then he
climbed onto his own bed and stared up at the dark canvas roof, listening to the pounding
of the rain.


Chapter Sixteen
Godric's Hollow

When Harry woke thefollowing dayit was several seconds before he
remembered what had happened. Then he hoped childishly, thatithad been a dream, that
Ron was stillthere and had never left. Yet by turninghis head on his pillow he could see
Ron's deserted bunk. It was like a dead body in the wayit seems to draw his eyes. Harry
jumped downfromhis own bed, keepinghis eyes averted from Ron's. Hermione, who
was already busyin the kitchen, did not wish Harry good morning, but turned
her face away quickly as he went by. He's gone, Harry told himself. He's gone. He had to
keep thinkingit as he washed and dressed as though repetition would dullthe shock ofit.
He's gone and he's not coming back. And that was the simple truth ofit, Harry knew,
because their protective enchantments meant thatit would be impossible, once they
vacated this spot, for Ron to find them again. He and Hermione ate breakfastin silence.
Hermione's eyes were puffy and red; shelooked as if she had not slept. They packed up
their things, Hermione dawdling. Harry knew why she wanted to spin out their time on
the riverbank; several times he saw her look up eagerly, and he was sure she had deluded
herselfinto thinking that she heard footsteps through the heavy rain, butno red-haired
figure appeared between the trees. Every time Harry imitated her, looked around ( for he
could not help hoping a little, himself) and saw nothing but rain-swept woods, another
little parcel offury exploded inside him. He could hear Ron saying,"We thoughtyou
knew what you were doing!", and he resumed packing with a hard knot in the pit of his

stomach.
  Themuddy river beside themwas rising rapidly and would soon spillover onto their
bank. They had lingered a good hour after they would usuallyhave departed their
campsite. Finallyhaving entirely repacked the beaded bag three times, Hermione seemed
unable to find anymore reasons to delay:She and Harry gasped hands and Disapparated,
reappearing on a windswept heather-covered hillside. Theinstant they arrived, Hermione
dropped Harry's hand and walked awayfromhim,finally sitting down on a large rock,
her face on her knees, shaking with whathe knew were sobs. He watched her, supposing
thathe ought to go and comfort her, but something kept himrooted to the spot.
Everythinginside himfelt cold and tight:Againhe saw the contemptuous expression on
Ron's face. Harry strode off through the heather, walkingin alarge circle with the
distraughtHermione atits center, castingthe spellshe usually performed to ensure their
protection.
 They did not discuss Ron at all over thenextfew days. Harry was determined never to
mention his name again and Hermione seemed to know thatitwas no use forcing the
issue, although sometimes at night when she thoughthe was sleeping, he would hear her
crying. Meanwhile Harry had started bringing out the Marauder's map and examiningit
by wandlight. He was waitingfor themomentwhen Ron's labeled dot would reappear in
the corridors of Hogwarts, proving that he had returned to the comfortable castle,
protected by his status of pureblood. However, Ron did not appear on themap and after
a
while Harryfound himself takingit out simply to stare at Ginny's namein the girl's
dormitory, wondering whether theintensity with which he gazed at itmight break into
her sleep, that she would somehow know he was thinking about her, hoping that she was
allright.
 By day, hey devoted themselves to trying to determine the possiblelocations of
Gryffindor's sword, but themore they talked about the places in which Dumbledore
mighthave hiddenit, themore desperate and far-fetched their speculation became.
Cudgelhis brains thoughhemight, Harry could not remember Dumbledore ever
mentioning a place in whichhemighthide something. There weremoments whenhe did
not know whether he was angrier with Ron or with Dumbledore. We thoughtyou knew
what you were doing ...We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do ... We thought
youhad a real plan!
He could not hideitfromhimself:Ron had been right. Dumbledore had lefthim
withvirtuallynothing. Theyhad discovered one Horcrux, but they had no means of
destroyingit:The others were as unattainable as they had ever been. Hopelessness

threatened to engulfhim. He was staggered now to think ofhis own presumptionin
acceptinghisfriends' offers to accompanyhim on this meandering, pointless journey. he
knew nothing, he had no ideas, and he was constantly, painfully on the alertfor any
indications that Hermione too was about to tellhimthat she had had enough. That she
was leaving.
 They were spendingmany eveningsinnear silence and Hermione took to bringing out
Phineas Nigellus's portrait and proppingitup in a chair, as thoughhemightfillpart of
the gapingholeleft by Ron's departure. Despite his previous assertion that he would
never visit them again, Phineas Nigellus did not seem able to resist the chance to find out
more about what Harry was up to and consented to reappear, blindfolded, everyfew
days
of so. Harry was even glad to see him, because he was company, albeit of a snide and
taunting kind. They relished anynews about what was happening at Hogwarts, though
Phineas Nigellus was not anidealinformer. He venerated Snape, thefirst Slytherin
headmaster since he himselfhad controlled the school, and they had to be carefulnot to
criticize or ask impertinent questions about Snape, or Phineas Nigellus would instantly
leave his painting.
However, he did let drop certain snippets. Snape seemed to be facing a constant,
lowlevel ofmutinyfrom a hard core of students. Ginnyhad been banned fromgoinginto
Hogsmeade. Snape had reinstated Umbridge's old decree forbiddinggatherings ofthree
or more students or anyunofficial student societies. From allof these things, Harry
deduced that Ginny, and probably Neville and Luna along withher, had been doing their
best to continue Dumbledore's Army. This scant news made Harry want to see Ginny so
badlyitfeltlike a stomachache; butit also made himthink of Ron again, and of
Dumbledore, and of Hogwarts itself, which hemissed nearly as much as his ex-girlfriend.
Indeed, as Phineas Niggellus talked about Snape's crackdown, Harry experienced a split
second ofmadness when heimagined simplygoing back to school to join the
destabilization of Snape's regime:Beingfed and having a soft bad, and other people
beingin charge, seemed themost wonderful prospectin the world at thismoment. But
then he remembered that he was Undesirable Number One, that there was a ten-thousand
Galleon price on his head, and that to walk into Hogwarts these days was just as
dangerous as walkinginto the Ministry of Magic. Indeed, Phineas Nigellusinadvertently
emphasized thisfact my slippinginleading questions about Harry and
Hermione's whereabouts. Hermione shoved himback inside the beaded bag every time
he did this, and Phineas Nigellusinvariablyrefused to reappear for several days after
these unceremonious good-byes.

The weather grew colder and colder. They did not dare remainin any area too
long, so rather than stayingin the south ofEngland, where a hard ground frost was the
worst of their worries, they continued to meander up and down the country, braving a
mountainside, where sleet pounded the tent; a wide, flatmarsh, where the tent was
flooded with chillwater; and a tinyisland in themiddle of a Scottishloch, where snow
half buried the tentin the night. They had already spotted Christmas Trees twinkling
fromseveral sitting roomwindows before there came an evening when Harry resolved to
suggest again, what seemed to himthe onlyunexplored avenueleft to them. Theyhad
just eaten an unusuallygood meal:Hermione had been to a supermarket under the
Invisibility Cloak (scrupulously dropping themoneyinto an open tillas sheleft), and
Harry thought that shemight be more persuadable than usual on a stomachfullof
spaghettiBolognese and tinned pears.
He had also had theforesight to suggest that they take a few hours' break from
wearing the Horcrux, which was hangingover the end of the bunk beside him.
"Hermione?"
"Hmm?" She was curled up in one of the sagging armchairs with The Tales of
Beedle the Bard. He could notimagine how muchmore she could get out of the book,
which was not, after all,verylong, but evidently she was stilldeciphering somethinginit,
because Spellman's Syllabary lay open on the arm of the chair.
Harry cleared his throat. Hefelt exactly as he had done on the occasion, several
years previously, when he had asked Professor McGonagallwhether he could go into
Hogsmeade, despite thefact that he had not persuaded the Dursleys to signhis
permission slip.
"Hermione, I've been thinking, and ­"
"Harry, could youhelp me with something?"
Apparently she had not been listening to him. Sheleaned forward and held out
The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
"Look at that symbol," she said, pointing to the top of a page. Above what Harry
assumed was the title of the story (being unable to read runes, he could not be sure), there
was a picture of whatlooked like a triangular eye, its pupil crossed with a verticalline.
"I never took Ancient Runes, Hermione."
"I know that; butitisn't a rune and it's notin the syllabary, either. Allalong I
thoughtit was a picture of an eye, but I don't think itis! It's beeninked in,look,
somebody's drawnit there, itisn't reallypart of the book. Think, have you ever seen it
before?"
"No . . . No, wait a moment."Harrylooked closer. "Isn'tit the same symbol

Luna's dad was wearing round his neck?"
"Well, that's what I thought too!"
"Thenit's Grindelwald's mark."
She stared at him, openmouthed.
"What?"
"Krum told me . . ."
He recounted the story that Viktor Krumhad told himat the wedding. Hermione
looked astonished.
"Grindelwald's mark?"
She looked fromHarry to the weird symbol and back again. "I've never heard that
Grindelwald had a mark. There's no mention ofitin anything I've ever read abouthim."
"Well,like I say, Krumreckoned that symbolwas carved on a wall at Durmstrang,
and Grindelwald putit there."
She fell back into the old armchair, frowning.
"That's very odd. Ifit's a symbol of Dark Magic, what's it doingin a book of
children's stories?"
"Yeah, itis weird," said Harry. "And you'd think Scrimgeour would have
recognized it. He was Minister, he oughtto have been expert on Dark stuff."
"I know. . . . Perhaps he thoughtit was an eye, justlike I did. Allthe other stories
havelittle pictures over the titles."
She did not speak, but continued to pore over the strangemark. Harry tried again.
"Hermione?"
"Hmm?"
"I've been thinking. I ­ I want to go to Godric's Hollow."
She looked up at him, buther eyes were unfocused, and he was sure she was still
thinking about themysterious mark on the book.
"Yes," she said. "Yes, I've been wondering that too. I really think we'llhave to."
"Did youhear me right?"he asked.
"Of course I did. You want to go to Godric's Hollow. I agree. I think we should. I
mean, I can't think of anywhere else it could be either. It'll be dangerous, but themore I
think aboutit, themore likelyit seems it's there."
"Er ­ what's there?" asked Harry.
At that, shelooked just as bewildered as hefelt.
"Well, the sword, Harry! Dumbledore musthave known you'd want to go back
there, and I mean, Godric's Hollow is Godric Gryffindor's birthplace ­"
"Really? Gryffindor camefromGodric's Hollow?"

"Harry, did you ever even open A History of Magic?"
"Erm,"he said, smilingfor whatfeltlike thefirst timeinmonths:Themuscles in
hisface felt oddly stiff. "I might've opened it, you know, when I boughtit . . . just the
once. . . ."
"Well, as the villageis named after himI'd have thoughtyoumighthavemade
the connection," said Hermione. She sounded muchmorelike her old self than she had
done oflate; Harry half expected her to announce that she was off to thelibrary. "There's
a bit about the villagein A History of Magic, wait . . ."
She opened the beaded bag and rummaged for a while, finally extractingher copy
of their old school textbook, A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot, which she
thumbed
throughuntilfinding the page she wanted.
"'Upon the signature of the International Statute of Secrecy in 1689, wizards went
into hiding for good. It was natural, perhaps, that they formed their own small
communities within a community. Many small villages and hamlets attracted
several
magical families, who banded together for mutual support and protection. The
villages of
Tinworsh in Cornwall, Upper Flagley in Yorkshire, and Ottery St. Catchpole on the
south
coast of England were notable homes to knots of Wizarding families who lived
alongside
tolerant and sometimes Confunded Muggles. Most celebrated of these half-magical
dwelling places is, perhaps, Godric's Hollow, the West Country village where the
great
wizard Godric Gryffindor was born, and where Bowman Wright, Wizarding smith,
forged
the first Golden Snitch. The graveyard is full of the names of ancient magical
families,
and this accounts, no doubt, for the stories of hauntings that have dogged the little
church beside it for many centuries.'
"You and your parents aren'tmentioned." Hermione said, closing the book,
"because Professor Bagshot doesn't cover anythinglater than the end of the nineteenth
century. But you see? Godric's Hollow, Godric Gryffindor, Gryffindor's sword; don't
you think Dumbledore would have expected you to make the connection?"
"Oh yeah . . ."

Harry did not want to admit that he had not been thinking about the sword at all
when he suggested theygo to Godric's Hollow. For him, thelore of the villagelayinhis
parents' graves, the house where he had narrowly escaped death, and in the person of
Bathilda Bagshot.
"Remember what Muriel said?"he asked eventually.
"Who?"
"You know,"he hesitated. He did not want to say Ron's name. "Ginny's great-
aunt. At the wedding. The one who said youhad skinny ankles."
"Oh," said Hermione. It was a sticky moment:Harry knew that she had sensed
Ron's namein the offing. He rushed on:
"She said Bathilda Bagshot stilllived in Godric's Hollow."
"Bathilda Bagshot,"murmured Hermione, runningher index finger over
Bathilda's embossed name on thefront cover of A History of Magic. "Well, I suppose ­
"
She gasped so dramatically that Harry'sinsides turned over; he drew his wand,
looking around at the entrance, half expecting to see a hand forcingits way through the
entrance flap, but there was nothing there.
"What?"he said, half angry, halfrelieved. "What did you do thatfor? I thought
you'd seen a Death Eater unzipping the tent, at least ­"
"Harry, what if Bathilda's got the sword? Whatif Dumbledore entrusted it to
her?"
Harry considered this possibility. Bathilda would be an extremely old woman by
now, and according to Muriel, she was "gaga." Was itlikely that Dumbledore would
have hidden the sword of Gryffindor withher? If so, Harry felt that Dumbledore had left
a great deal to chance:Dumbledore had never revealed that he had replaced the sword
with a fake, nor had he so much as mentioned afriendship with Bathilda. Now, however,
was not themoment to cast doubt on Hermione's theory, not when she was so
surprisingly willing to fallin with Harry's dearest wish.
"Yeah, hemighthave done! So, are we going to go to Godric's Hollow?"
"Yes, but we'llhave to think it through carefully, Harry." She was sittingup now,
and Harry could tellthat the prospect of having a plan againhad lifted her mood as much
as his. "We'llneed to practice Disapparating together under the Invisibility Cloak for a
start, and perhaps Disillusionment Charms would be sensible too, unless you think we
should go the whole hog and use Polyjuice Potion? In that case we'llneed to collect hair
fromsomebody. I actually think we'd better do that, Harry, the thicker our disguises the
better. . . ."

Harry let her talk, nodding and agreeingwhenever there was a pause, but hismind
had left the conversation. For thefirst time since he had discovered that the sword in
Gringotts was a fake, hefelt excited.
He was about to go home, about to return to the place where he had had a family.
It was in Godric's Hollow that, butfor Voldemort, he would have grown up and spent
every schoolholiday. He could haveinvited friends to his house. . . . He might even have
had brothers and sisters. . . . It would have been his mother who had made his
seventeenth birthday cake. Thelifehe had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to himas
at thismoment, when he knew he was about to see the place whereithad been taken
fromhim. After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Harry quietly extracted his
rucksack fromHermione's beaded bag, and frominside it, the photograph albumHagrid
had given himso long ago. For thefirst timeinmonths, he perused the old pictures ofhis
parents, smiling and wavingup at himfromtheimages, which were allhehad leftof
themnow.
Harry would gladlyhave set outfor Godric's Hollow thefollowing day, but
Hermione had other ideas. Convinced as she was that Voldemort would expect Harry to
return to the scene of his parents' deaths, she was determined that they would set off only
after they had ensured that they had the best disguises possible. It was therefore a full
week later ­ once they had surreptitiously obtained hairs frominnocent Muggles who
were Christmas shopping, and had practiced Apparating and Disapparating while
underneath the Invisibility Cloak together ­ that Hermione agreed to make the journey.
They were to Apparate to the village under cover of darkness, so it was late
afternoon when they finally swallowed Polyjuice Potion, Harry transforminginto a
balding, middle-aged Muggleman, Hermioneinto his small and rather mousy wife. The
beaded bag containing all of their possessions (apartfrom the Horcrux, which Harry was
wearing around his neck) was tucked into an inside pocket of Hermione's buttoned-up
coat. Harry lowered the Invisibility Cloak over them, then they turned into the
suffocating darkness once again.
Heart beatinginhis throat, Harry opened his eyes. They were standinghand in
hand in a snowylane under a dark blue sky, in which the night's first stars were already
glimmeringfeebly. Cottages stood on either side of the narrow road, Christmas
decorations twinklingin their windows. A short way ahead of them, a glow of golden
streetlights indicated the center of the village.
"Allthis snow!" Hermione whispered beneath the cloak. "Why didn't we think of
snow? After all our precautions, we'llleave prints! We'lljust have to get rid of them ­
yougo infront, I'll do it ­"

Harry did not want to enter the villagelike a pantomimehorse, trying to keep
themselves concealed whilemagically covering their traces.
"Let's take off the Cloak," said Harry, and when shelooked frightened, "Oh,
come on, we don'tlook like us and there's no one around."
He stowed the Cloak under his jacket and they made their way forward
unhampered, theicy air stinging their faces as they passed more cottages. Any one of
themmighthave been the onein which James and Lilyhad oncelived or where Bathilda
lived now. Harry gazed at thefront doors, their snow-burdened roofs, and theirfront
porches, wondering whether he remembered any of them, knowing deep inside thatitwas
impossible, that he had been littlemore than a year old when he had left this place forever.
He was not even sure whether he would be able to see the cottage at all;he did not know
what happened when the subjects of a Fidelius Charm died. Then thelittlelane along
which they were walking curved to theleft and the heart of the village, a smallsquare,
was revealed to them.
Strung all around with colored lights, there was whatlooked like a war memorial
inthemiddle, partly obscured by a windblown Christmas tree. There were several shops,
a post office, a pub, and a little church whose stained-glass windows were glowing jewel-
bright across the square.
The snow here had becomeimpacted: It was hard and slippery where people had
trodden onit allday. Villagers were crisscrossinginfront of them, theirfigures briefly
illuminated by streetlamps. They heard a snatch oflaughter and pop music as the pub
door opened and closed; then they heard a carol start up inside thelittle church.
"Harry, I think it's Christmas Eve!" said Hermione.
"Is it?"
He had lost track of the date; they had not seen a newspaper for weeks.
"I'm sure itis," said Hermione, her eyes upon the church. "They . . . they'llbein
there, won't they? Your mum and dad? I can see the graveyard behind it."
Harry felt a thrillof something that was beyond excitement, more likefear. Now
thathe was so near, he wondered whether he wanted to see after all. Perhaps Hermione
knew how he was feeling, because she reached for his hand and took thelead for thefirst
time, pullinghimforward. Halfway across the square, however, she stopped dead.
"Harry, look!"
She was pointing at the war memorial. As theyhad passed it, ithad transformed.
Instead of an obelisk covered innames, there was a statue of three people: a man with
untidy hair and glasses, a woman withlonghair and a kind, prettyface, and a baby boy
sittinginhis mother's arms. Snow lay upon alltheir heads, likefluffy white caps.

Harry drew closer, gazingup into his parents' faces. He had never imagined that
there would be a statue. . . . How strange it was to see himselfrepresented in stone, a
happy baby without a scar on hisforehead. . . .
"C'mon," said Harry, when he had looked hisfill, and they turned again toward
the church. As they crossed the road, heglanced over his shoulder; the statue had turned
back into the war memorial.
The singinggrew louder as they approached the church. Itmade Harry's throat
constrict, it reminded himso forcefully ofHogwarts, of Peeves bellowing rude versions
of carols frominside suits of armor, of the Great Hall's twelve Christmas trees, of
Dumbledore wearing a bonnet he had won in a cracker, of Ronin a hand-knitted
sweater. . . .
There was a kissinggate at the entrance to the graveyard. Hermione pushed it
open as quietly as possible and they edged throughit. On either side of the slippery path
to the church doors, the snow lay deep and untouched. Theymoved off through the snow,
carving deep trenches behind them as they walked around the building, keeping to the
shadows beneath the brilliantwindows.
Behind the church, row upon row of snowy tombstones protruded from a blanket
of pale blue that was flecked with dazzling red, gold, and green wherever the reflections
fromthe stained glass hit the snow. Keepinghis hand closed tightly on the wand inhis
jacket pocket, Harrymoved toward the nearest grave.
"Look at this, it's an Abbott, could be somelong-lost relation of Hannah's!"
"Keep your voice down," Hermione begged him.
They waded deeper and deeper into thegraveyard, gouging dark tracks into the
snow behind them, stooping to peer at the words on old headstones, every now and then
squintinginto the surrounding darkness to make absolutely sure that they were
unaccompanied.
"Harry, here!"
Hermione was two rows of tombstones away; he had to wade back to her, his
heart positively banginginhis chest.
"Is it ­ ?"
"No, butlook!"
She pointed to the dark stone. Harry stooped down and saw , upon thefrozen,
lichen-spotted granite, the words Kendra Dumbledore and, a short way down
her dates of
birth and death, and Her Daughter Ariana. There was also a quotation:

Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.

So Rita Skeeter and Murielhad got some of theirfacts right. The Dumbledore
familyhad indeed lived here, and part of ithad died here.
Seeing the grave was worse than hearing aboutit. Harry could not help thinking
thathe and Dumbledore both had deep roots in thisgraveyard, and that Dumbledore
ought to have told himso, yet he had never thought to share the connection. They could
have visited the place together;for a momentHarryimagined cominghere with
Dumbledore, of what a bond that would have been, of how much it would have meant to
him. Butit seemed that to Dumbledore, thefact that theirfamilies lay side by side inthe
same graveyard had been an unimportant coincidence, irrelevant, perhaps, to the job he
wanted Harry to do.
Hermione was looking at Harry, and he was glad that his face was hiddenin
shadow. He read the words on the tombstone again. Where your treasure is, there will
your heart be also. He did not understand what these words meant. SurelyDumbledore
had chosen them, as the eldestmember of thefamily once hismother had died.
"Are you sure he never mentioned ­ ?" Hermione began.
"No," said Harry curtly, then, "let's keep looking," and he turned away, wishing
he had not seen the stone:He did not wanthis excited trepidation tainted with resentment.
"Here!" cried Hermione again a few moments later from out of the darkness. "Oh
no, sorry! I thoughtit said Potter."
She was rubbing at a crumbling,mossy stone, gazing down atit, a littlefrown on
her face.
"Harry, come back a moment."
He did not want to be sidetracked again, and onlygrudginglymade his way back
through the snow toward her.
"What?"
"Look at this!"
The grave was extremely old, weathered so that Harry could hardlymake out the
name. Hermione showed himthe symbol beneath it.
"Harry, that's themark in the book!"
He peered at the place sheindicated:The stone was so worn thatit was hard to
make out what was engraved there, though there did seem to be a triangular mark
beneath
the nearlyillegiblename.

"Yeah . . . it could be. . . ."
Hermionelither wand and pointed it at the name on the headstone.
"It says Ig ­ Ignotus, I think. . . ."
"I'mgoing to keep lookingfor my parents, allright?" Harry told her, a slight edge
to his voice, and he set off again, leaving her crouched beside the old grave.
Every now and thenhe recognized a surname that, like Abbott, he had met at
Hogwarts. Sometimes there were severalgenerations of the same Wizardingfamily
represented in the graveyard: Harry could tellfromthe dates thatithad either died out, or
the currentmembers had moved away from Godric's Hollow. Deeper and deeper
amongst the graves he went, and every timehe reached a new headstone hefelt alittle
lurch of apprehension and anticipation.
The darkness and the silence seemed to become, all of a sudden, much deeper.
Harrylooked around, worried, thinking of dementors, then realized that the carols had
finished, that the chatter and flurry of churchgoers were fading away as theymade their
way back into the square. Somebody inside the church had just turned off thelights.
Then Hermione's voice came out of the blackness for the third time, sharp and
clear from a few yards away.
"Harry, they're here . . . righthere."
And he knew by her tone thatit was hismother and father this time:Hemoved
toward her, feeling as if somethingheavywere pressing on his chest, the same sensation
he had had right after Dumbledore had died, a grief that had actually weighed on hisheart
and lungs.
The headstone was only two rows behind Kendra and Ariana's. It was made of
whitemarble, justlike Dumbledore's tomb, and this made it easy to read, as it seemed to
shinein the dark. Harry did not need to kneel or even approach very close to it to make
out the words engraved uponit.

JAMES POTTER LILY POTTER

     BORN 27 MARCH 1960             BORN 30 JANUARY 1960
      DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981                DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981

     The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.


Harry read the words slowly, as though he would have only one chance to take in
their meaning, and he read thelast of themaloud.
"'Thelast enemy that shallbe defeated is death' . . ." A horrible thought came to

him, and with a kind of panic. "Isn't that a Death Eater idea? Whyis that there?"
"It doesn'tmean defeating deathin the way the Death Eaters mean it, Harry," said
Hermione, her voice gentle. "Itmeans . . . you know . . . living beyond death. Living after
death."
But they were notliving, thoughtHarry. They were gone. The empty words could
not disguise thefact that his parents' moldering remains lay beneath snow and stone,
indifferent, unknowing. And tears came before he could stop them, boilinghot then
instantlyfreezing on hisface, and what was the pointin wiping them off or pretending?
He let themfall,hislips pressed hard together, looking down at the thick snow hiding
fromhis eyes the place where thelast of Lily and James lay, bones now, surely, or dust,
not knowing or caring that theirlivingson stood so near, his heart still beating, alive
because of their sacrifice and close to wishing, at this moment, that he was sleepingunder
the snow with them.
Hermione had taken his hand again and was grippingit tightly. He could notlook
at her, but returned the pressure, now taking deep, sharp gulps of the night air, trying to
steady himself, trying to regain control. He should have brought something o give them,
and he had not thought ofit, and every plantin the graveyard was leafless and frozen. But
Hermione raised her wand, moved itin a circle through the air, and a wreath of Christmas
roses blossomed before them. Harry caughtit and laid it on his parents' grave.
As soon as he stood up he wanted to leave: He did not think he could stand
another moment there. He put his arm around Hermione's shoulders, and she puthers
around his waist, and they turned in silence and walked away through the snow, past
Dumbledore's mother and sister, back toward the dark church and the out-of-sight
kissing
gate.


Chapter Seventeen
Bathilda's Secret

"Harry, stop."

"What's wrong?"

They had only just reached the grave of the unknown Abbott.

"There's someone there. Someone watchingus. I can tell. There, over by the bushes."

They stood quite still, holding on to each other, gazing at the dense black boundary of the
graveyard. Harry could not see anything.

"Are you sure?"


"I saw somethingmove. I could have sworn I did..."

She broke fromhimto free her wand arm.

"Welook like Muggles," Harry pointed out.

"Muggles who've just been layingflowers on your parents' grave? Harry, I'm sure there's
someone over there!"

Harry thought of A History of Magic; the graveyard was supposed to be haunted; whatif
--? But then he heard a rustle and saw a little eddy of dislodged snow in the bush to
which Hermione had pointed. Ghosts could notmove snow.

"It's a cat," said Harry, after a second or two, "or a bird. Ifit was a Death Eater we'd be
dead by now. Butlet's get out ofhere, and we can put the Cloak back on."

They glanced back repeatedly as theymade their way out of the graveyard. Harry, who
did notfeel as sanguine as he had pretended when reassuring Hermione, was glad to
reach the gate and the slippery pavement. They pulled the Invisibility Cloak back over
themselves. The pub was fuller than before. Manyvoices inside it were now singing the
carol that they had heard as they approached the church. For a moment, Harry
considered
suggesting they take refugeinside it, but before he could say anything Hermione
murmured, "Let's go this way," and pulled him down the dark street leading out ofthe
villagein the opposite directionfromwhich they had entered. Harry could make out the
point where the cottages ended and thelane turned into open country again. They walked
as quickly as they dared, pastmore windows sparkling withmulticolored lights, the
outlines of Christmas trees dark throughthe curtains.

"How are we going to find Bathilda's house?" asked Hermione, who was shivering a little
and kept glancing back over her shoulder. "Harry? What do you think? Harry?"

She tugged at this arm, but Harry was not paying attention. He was looking toward the
dark mass that stood at the very end of this row of houses. Nextmomenthe sped up,
dragging Hermione along withhim, she slipped a little on theice.

"Harry --"

"Look ... Look atit, Hermione ..."

"I don't ... oh!"

He could see it; the Fidelius Charmmusthave died with James and Lily. The hedge had
grown wildin the sixteen years since Hagrid had taken Harryfromthe rubble thatlay
scattered amongst the waist-highgrass. Most of the cottage was stillstanding, though
entirely covered in the dark ivy and snow, but the right side of the top floor had been
blown apart; that, Harry was sure, was where the curse had backfired. He and Hermione
stood at the gate, gazingup at the wreck of whatmust once have been a cottage justlike
those thatflanked it.

"I wonder whynobody's ever rebuiltit?"whispered Hermione.

"Maybe you can't rebuildit?" Harry replied. "Maybeit's like theinjuries fromDark
Magic and you can't repair the damage?"

He slipped a hand from beneath the Cloak and grasped the snowy and thickly rusted
gate,
not wishing to open it, but simply so he'd some part of the house.

"You're not going to go inside? It looks unsafe, itmight -- oh, Harry, look!"

His touch on the gate seemed to have doneit. A signhad risen out of the ground infront
of them, up thorough the tangles ofnettles and weeds, like some bizarre, fast-growing
flower, and ingoldenletters upon the wood it said:

   On this spot, on thisnight of 31 October 1981,
   Lily and James Potter lost their lives.
   Their son, Harry, remains the only wizard
   ever to have survived the Killing Curse.
   This house, invisible to Muggles, has been left
   inits ruined state as a monument to the Potters
   and as a reminder of the violence
   that tore apart theirfamily.

And all around these neatlylettered words, scribbles had been added by other witches
and wizards who had come to see the place where the Boy Who Lived had escaped.
Some had merely signed their names inEverlasting Ink; others had carved theirinitials
into the wood, stillothers had leftmessages. Themost recent of these, shining brightly
over sixteen years' worth ofmagicalgraffiti, allsaid similar things.

   Good luck, Harry, wherever you are.
   Ifyou read this, Harry, we're all behind you!
   Longlive Harry Potter.

"They shouldn't have written on the sign!"said Hermione, indignant.

But Harry beamed at her.

"It's brilliant. I'mglad they did. I ..."

He broke off. A heavilymuffled figure was hobblingup thelane toward them, silhouetted
by the brightlights in the distant square. Harry thought, thoughitwas hard to judge, that
thefigure was a woman. She was moving slowly, possiblyfrightened of slipping on the
snowy ground. Her stoop, her stoutness, her shufflinggait allgave animpression of
extreme age. They watched in silence as she drew nearer. Harry was waiting to see
whether she would turninto any of the cottages she was passing, but he knew
instinctively that she would not. Atlast she came to a halt afew yards from themand
simply stood there in themiddle of thefrozen road, facing them.

He did notneed Hermione's pinch to his arm. There was next to no chance that this

woman was a Muggle: She was standingthere gazing at a house that ought to have been
completelyinvisible to her, if she was not a witch. Even assuming that she was a witch,
however, it was odd behavior to come out on a night this cold, simply to look at an old
ruin. By allthe rules ofnormalmagic, meanwhile, she oughtnot to be able to see
Hermione and him at all. Nevertheless, Harry had the strangestfeeling that she knew that
they were there, and also who they were. Just as he had reached this uneasy conclusion,
she raised a gloved hand and beckoned.

Hermionemoved closer to himunder the Cloak, her arm pressed against his.

"How does she know?"

He shook his head. The woman beckoned again, more vigorously. Harry could think of
many reasons not to obey the summons, and yet his suspicions about her identity were
growing stronger everymoment that they stood facing each other in the deserted street.

Was it possible that she had been waitingfor them alltheselongmonths? That
Dumbledore had told her to wait, and that Harry would comein the end? Was it notlikely
thatit was she who had moved in the shadows in the graveyard and had followed themto
this spot? Even her ability to sense themsuggested some Dumbledore-ish power thathe
had never encountered before.

Finally Harry spoke, causing Hermione to gasp and jump.

"Are you Bathilda?"

Themuffled figure nodded and beckoned again.

Beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Harry raised his eyebrows;
Hermione gave a tiny, nervous nod.

They stepped toward the woman and , at once, she turned and hobbled off back the way
they had come. Leading them past severalhouses, she turned in at a gate. Theyfollowed
her up thefront path through a garden nearly as overgrown as the one theyhad justleft.
Shefumbled for amoment with a key at thefront door, then opened it and stepped back
to let them pass.

She smelled bad, or perhaps it was her house; Harry wrinkled his nose as they sidled past
her and pulled off the Cloak. Now that he was beside her, he realized how tiny she was;
bowed down with age, she came barelylevelwithhis chest. She closed the door behind
them, her knuckles blue and mottled against the peeling paint, then turned and peered into
Harry's face. Her eyes were thick with cataracts and sunkeninto folds of transparent skin,
and her wholeface was dotted with broken veins and liver spots. He wondered whether
she could make himout at all; evenifshe could, it was the balding Muggle whose
identityhe had stolen that she would see.

The odor of old age, of dust, of unwashed clothes and stalefood intensified as the
unwound a moth-eaten black shawl, revealing a head of scant white hair throughwhich
the scalp showed clearly.

"Bathilda?" Harry repeated.

She nodded again. Harry became aware of thelocket againsthis skin; the thinginside it
that sometimes ticked or beat had woken;he could feelit pulsing through the cold gold.
Did it know, could it sense, that the thingthat would destroyit was near?

Bathilda shuffled past them, pushing Hermione aside as though she had not seen her, and
vanished into what seemed to be a sittingroom.

"Harry, I'mnot sure about this," breathed Hermione.

"Look at the size ofher, I think we could overpower her if we had to," said Harry.
"Listen,
I should have told you, I knew she wasn't allthere. Muriel called her 'gaga.'"

"Come!" called Bathilda from the next room.

Hermione jumped and clutched Harry's arm.

"It's okay," said Harry reassuringly, and heled the way into the sitting room.

Bathilda was tottering around the place lighting candles, butit was stillvery dark, not to

mention extremely dirty. Thick dust crunched beneath their feet, and Harry's nose
detected, underneath the dank and mildewed smell, something worse, like meat gone bad.
He wondered when was thelast time anyone had been inside Bathilda's house to check
whether she was coping. She seemed to haveforgotten that she could do magic, too, for
shelit the candles clumsily by hand, her trailinglace cuffin constant danger of catching
fire.

"Letme do that," offered Harry, and he took thematches fromher. She stood watching
himas hefinished lighting the candle stubs that stood on saucers around the room,
perched precariously on stacks of books and on side tables crammed with cracked and
moldy cups.

Thelast surface on which Harry spotted a candle was a bow-fronted chest of drawers on
which there stood a large number of photographs. When theflame danced into life, its
reflection wavered on their dustyglass and silver. He saw a few tinymovements fromthe
pictures. As Bathildafumbled withlogs for thefire, hemuttered "Tergeo":The dust
vanished from the photographs, and he saw at once that half a dozen weremissingfrom
thelargest and most ornate frames. He wondered whether Bathilda or somebody else had
removed them. Then the sight of a photograph near the back of the collection caughthis
eye, and he snatched itup.

It was the golden-haired, merry-faced thief, the youngman who had perched on
Gregorovitch's windowsill, smilinglazilyup at Harry out of the silver frame. And it came
to Harry instantly where he had seen the boy before:in The Life and Lies of Albus
Dumbledore, armin armwith the teenage Dumbledore, and thatmust be where allthe
missing photographs were:in Rita's book.

"Mrs. -- Miss -- Bagshot?"he said, and hisvoice shook slightly."Who is this?"

Bathilda was standingin themiddle of the room watching Hermionelight thefirefor her.

"Miss Bagshot?" Harry repeated, and he advanced with the picture inhis hands as the
flames burstinto lifein thefireplace. Bathildalooked up at his voice, and the Horcrux
beat faster upon his chest.

"Who is this person?" Harry asked her, pushing the pictureforward.

She peered at it solemnly, thenup at Harry.

"Do you know who thisis?"he repeated in a much slower and louder voice than usual.
"Thisman? Do you know him? What's he called?"

Bathildamerelylooked vague. Harryfelt an awfulfrustration. How had Rita Skeeter
unlocked Bathilda's memories?

"Who is thisman?"he repeated loudly.

"Harry, what area you doing?" asked Hermione.

"This picture. Hermione, it's the thief, the thief who stolefromGregorovitch! Please!"he
said to Bathilda. "Who is this?"

But she only stared at him.

"Why did you ask us to come withyou, Mrs. - Miss -- Bagshot?" asked Hermione,
raisingher own voice. "Was there somethingyou wanted to tellus?"

Givingno sign that she had heard Hermione, Bathilda now shuffled a few steps closer to
Harry. With alittle jerk of her head shelooked back into the hall.

"You wantus to leave?" he asked.

She repeated the gesture, this time pointingfirstly at him, then at herself, then at the
ceiling.

"Oh, right... Hermione, I think she wantsme to go upstairs withher."

"Allright," said Hermione, "let's go."

But when Hermionemoved, Bathilda shook her head with surprisingvigor, once more
pointingfirst at Harry, then to herself.

"She wants me to go withher, alone."

"Why?" asked Hermione, and her voice rang out sharp and clear in the candlelit room, the
old lady shook her head a little at theloud noise.

"Maybe Dumbledore told her to give the sword to me, and only to me?"

"Do you really think she knows who you are?"

"Yes," said Harry, looking down into themilky eyes fixed upon his own. "I think she
does."

"Well, okay then, but be quick, Harry."

"Lead the way," Harry told Bathilda.

She seemed to understand, because she shuffled around himtoward the door. Harry
glanced back at Hermione with a reassuringsmile, but he was not sure she had seen it;
she stood huggingherselfin themidst of the candlelit squalor, looking toward the
bookcase. As Harry walked out of the room, unseen by both Hermione and Bathilda, he
slipped the silver-framed photograph of the unknown thiefinside his jacket.

The stairs were steep and narrow; Harry was halftempted to place hishands on stout
Bathilda's backside to ensure that she did not topple over backward on top of him, which
seemed only too likely. Slowly, wheezing a little, she climbed to the upper landing,
turned immediately right, and led himinto a low-ceilinged bedroom.

It was pitch-black and smelled horrible:Harry had justmade out a chamber pot
protrudingfromunder the bed before Bathilda closed the door and even that was
swallowed by the darkness.

"Lumos," said Harry, and his wand ignited. He gave a start:Bathilda had moved close to
himin thosefew seconds of darkness, and he had not heard her approach.

"You are Potter?" she whispered.

"Yes, I am."

She nodded slowly, solemnly. Harry felt the Horcrux beatingfast, faster thanhis own
heart; It was an unpleasant, agitating sensation.

"Have you got anythingfor me?" Harry asked, but she seemed distracted by hislit wand-
tip.

"Have you got anythingfor me?"he repeated.

Then she closed her eyes and severalthings happened at once:Harry's scar prickled
painfully; the Horcrux twitched so that the front of his sweater actuallymoved; the dark,
fetid room dissolved momentarily. He felt a leap of joy and spoke in a high, cold voice:
Hold him!

Harry swayed where he stood:The dark, foul-smellingroom seemed to close around him
again;he did not know what had just happened.

"Have you got anythingfor me?"he asked for a third time, muchlouder.

"Over here," she whispered, pointing to the corner. Harry raised his wand and saw the
outline of a cluttered dressing table beneath the curtained window.

This time she did notlead him. Harry edged between her and the unmade bed, his wand
raised. He did not want to look away fromher.

"Whatis it?"he asked as he reached the dressing table, which was heaped high with what
looked and smelled like dirtylaundry.

"There," she said, pointing at the shapeless mass.

And in theinstant thathelooked away, his eyes taking the tangled mess for a sword hilt,
a ruby, shemoved weirdly:He saw it out of the corner of his eye; panicmade himturn
and horror paralyzed him as he saw the old body collapsing and the great snake pouring
fromthe place where her neck had been.

The snake struck as he raised his wand:Theforce of the bite to his forearm sent the wand
spinningup toward the ceiling;its light swung dizzyingly around the room and was
extinguished; Then a powerfulblow fromthe tailto his midriff knocked the breath out of
him:Hefell backward onto the dressingtable, into themound offilthy clothing --

He rolled sideways, narrowly avoiding the snake's tail, which thrashed down upon the
table where he had been a second earlier. Fragments of the glass surface rained upon him
as he hit thefloor. From below he heard Hermione call,"Harry?"


He could not get enough breath into hislungs to call back: Then a heavy smooth mass
smashed himto thefloor and hefeltit slide over him, powerful,muscular --

"No!"he gasped, pinned to thefloor.

"Yes," whispered the voice. "Yesss... hold you ... hold you ..."

"Accio ... Accio Wand ..."

Butnothinghappened and he needed hishands to try to force the snake fromhimas it
coiled itself around his torso, squeezing the air fromhim, pressing the Horcruxhard into
his chest, a circle ofice that throbbed withlife, inches fromhis own frantic heart, and his
brain was flooding with cold, whitelight, allthought obliterated, his own breath drowned,
distantfootsteps, everythinggoing...

A metalheart was banging outside his chest, and now he was flying,flyingwith triumph
inhis heart, withoutneed of broomstick or thestral...

He was abruptly awake in the sour-smelling darkness; Naginihad released him. He
scrambled up and saw the snake outlined against thelandinglight:It struck, and
Hermione dived aside with a shriek; her deflected curse hit the curtained window, which
shattered. Frozen air filled the room as Harry ducked to avoid another shower of broken
glass and his foot slipped on a pencil-like something -- his wand --

He bent and snatched itup, but now the room was fullof the snake, its tailthrashing;
Hermione was nowhere to be seen and for a moment Harry thought the worst, but then

there was a loud bang and a flash of red light, and the snake flewinto the air, smacking
Harry hard in theface as it went, coil after heavy coilrisingup to the ceiling. Harry
raised his wand, but as he did so, his scar seared more painfully, more powerfullythanit
had done inyears.

"He's coming! Hermione, he's coming!"

As he yelled the snake fell,hissing wildly. Everything was chaos: It smashed shelves
fromthe wall, and splintered chinaflew everywhere as Harry jumped over the bed and
seized the dark shape he knew to be Hermione --

She shrieked with pain as he pulled her back across the bed:The snake reared again, but
Harry knew that worse than the snake was coming, was perhaps already at the gate, his
head was going to split open with the painfromhis scar --

The snake lunged as he took a runningleap, dragging Hermione withhim; as it struck,
Hermione screamed, "Confringo!" and her spellflew around the room, explodingthe
wardrobe mirror and ricocheting back at them, bouncingfromfloor to ceiling;Harryfelt
the heat of it sear the back of his hand. Glass cut his cheek as, pulling Hermione withhim,
heleaptfrom bed to broken dressing table and then straight out of the smashed window
into nothingness, her scream reverberating through the night as they twisted inmidair ...

And then his scar burst open and he was Voldemort and he was running across thefetid
bedroom, hislong white hands clutchingat the windowsillas he glimpsed the bald man
and thelittle woman twist and vanish, and he screamed with rage, a scream that mingled
with the girl's, that echoed across the dark gardens over the church bells ringingin
Christmas Day...

And his scream was Harry's scream, his pain was Harry's pain... thatit could happen
here,
where ithad happened before... here, within sight of thathouse where he had come so
close to knowing whatit was to die ... to die ... the pain was so terrible ... ripped fromhis
body ... Butifhe had no body, why did hishead hurt so badly;ifhe was dead, how cold
hefeel so unbearably, didn't pain cease with death, didn'titgo ...

The night wet and windy, two children dressed as pumpkins waddling across the square

and the shop windows covered in paper spiders, allthe tawdry Muggle trappings of a
world in which they did not believe ... And he was gliding along, that sense of purpose
and power and rightness inhimthat he always knew on these occasions ... Not anger ...
that was for weaker souls than he ... but triumph, yes ... He had waited for this, he had
hoped for it ...

"Nice costume, mister!"

He saw the small boy's smilefalter as he ran near enough to see beneath the hood of the
cloak, saw thefear cloud his pained face:Then the child turned and ran away ... Beneath
the robe hefingered the handle ofhis wand ... One simplemovement and the child would
never reach hismother ... but unnecessary, quite unnecessary ...

And along a new and darker street hemoved, and now his destination was in sight atlast,
the Fidelius Charm broken, though they did not know ityet ... And hemade less noise
than the dead leaves slithering along the pavement as he drew levelwith the dark hedge,
and steered over it ...

They had not drawn the curtains; he saw them quite clearlyin their little sitting room, the
tallblack-haired maninhisglasses, making puffs of colored smoke eruptfromhis wand
for the amusement of the small black-haired boy inhis blue pajamas. The child was
laughing and trying to catch the smoke, to grab itinhis smallfist ...

A door opened and themother entered, saying words he cold not hear, her long dark-red
hairfalling over her face. Now thefather scooped up the son and handed himto the
mother. He threw his wand down upon the sofa and stretched, yawning...

The gate creaked a little as he pushed it open, but James Potter did not hear. His white
hand pulled out the wand beneathhis cloak and pointed it at the door, which burst open...

He was over the threshold as James came sprintinginto the hall. It was easy, too easy, he
had not even picked up his wand ...

"Lily, take Harry and go! It's him! Go! Run! I'llhold him off!"

Hold him off, without a wand inhis hand! ... He laughed before casting the curse ...

"Avada Kedavra!"

The greenlightfilled the cramped hallway, itlit the pram pushed against the wall, it
made the banisters glow likelighting rods, and James Potter felllike a marionette whose
strings were cut ...

He could hear her screamingfromthe upper floor, trapped, but as long as she was
sensible, she, atleast, had nothing to fear ... He climbed the steps, listening withfaint
amusement to her attempts to barricade herselfin ... She had no wand upon her either ...
How stupid they were, and how trusting, thinking that their safetylayinfriends, that
weapons could be discarded evenfor moments...

He forced the door open, cast aside the chair and boxes hastily piled againstit with one
lazy wave ofhis wand ... and there she stood, the childinher arms. At the sight ofhim,
she dropped her son into the crib behind her and threw her arms wide, as if this would
help, as ifin shieldinghimfrom sight she hoped to be choseninstead ...

"Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!"

"Stand aside, you sillygirl... stand aside, now."

"Not Harry, please no, take me, killmeinstead --"

"Thisis mylast warning --"

"Not Harry! Please ... havemercy ... havemercy ... Not Harry! Not Harry! Please -- I'll
do anything ..."

"Stand aside. Stand aside, girl!"

He could haveforced her away fromthe crib, butit seemed more prudent to finish them
all...

The greenlightflashed around the roomand she dropped like her husband. The child had
not cried allthis time. He could stand, clutching the bars of his crib, and helooked up

into theintruder's face with a kind of brightinterest, perhaps thinking thatit was his
father who hid beneath the cloak, makingmore pretty lights, and his mother would pop
up anymoment, laughing --

He pointed the wand very carefullyinto the boy's face:He wanted to see ithappen, the
destruction of this one, inexplicable danger. The child began to cry: It had seen that he
was not James. He did notlikeit crying, he had never been able to stomach the small
ones whiningin the orphanage --

"Avada Kedavra!"

And then he broke. He was nothing, nothing but pain and terror, and hemusthide himself,
not here in the rubble of the ruined house, where the child was trapped screaming, butfar
away ... far away ...

"No,"hemoaned.

The snake rustled on thefilthy, cluttered floor, and he had killed the boy, and yet he was
the boy ...

"No..."

And now he stood at the broken window of Bathilda's house, immersed inmemories of
hisgreatest loss, and at his feet the great snake slithered over broken china and glass... He
looked down and saw something... somethingincredible...

"No..."

"Harry, it's allright, you're allright!"

He stooped down and picked up the smashed photograph. There he was, the unknown
thief, the thiefhe was seeking...

"No... I dropped it... I dropped it ..."

"Harry, it's okay, wake up, wake up!"

He was Harry... Harry, not Voldemort ... and the thing that was rustling was not a snake
...
He opened his eyes.

"Harry," Hermione whispered. "Do you feel all -- allright?"

"Yes,"helied.

He was in the tent, lying on one of thelower bunks beneath a heap of blankets. He could
tellthatit was almost dawn by the stillness and quality of the cold, flatlight beyond the
canvas ceiling. He was drenched in sweat; he could feelit on the sheets and blankets.

"We got away."

"Yes," said Hermione. "I had to use a Hover Charm to get youinto your bunk. I couldn't
liftyou. You've been ... Well, youhaven't been quite ..."

There were purple shadows under her brown eyes and he noticed a smallsponge inher
hand: She had been wipinghisface.

"You've been ill," shefinished. "Quiteill."

"How long ago did we leave?"

"Hours ago. It's nearlymorning."

"And I've been... what, unconscious?"

"Not exactly," said Hermione uncomfortably."You've been shouting and moaning and ...
things," she added in a tone thatmade Harryfeeluneasy. What had he done? Screamed
curses like Voldemort, cried like the babyin the crib?

"I couldn't get the Horcrux offyou," Hermione said, and he knew she wanted to change
the subject. "It was stuck, stuck to your chest. You've got a mark; I'm sorry, I had to use
a

Severing Charmto getit away. The snake hityou too, but I've cleaned the wound and put
some dittany onit ..."

He pulled the sweaty T-shirthe was wearing away fromhimself and looked down. There
was a scarlet oval over his heart where thelocket had burned him. He could also see the
halfhealed puncture marks to hisforearm.

"Where've you put the Horcrux?"

"Inmy bag. I think we should keep it offfor a while."

He lay back on his pillows and looked into her pinched gray face.

"We shouldn't have gone to Godric's Hollow. It's myfault, it's allmyfault. Hermione, I'm
sorry."

"It's not youfault. I wanted to go too; I really thought Dumbledore mighthaveleftthe
sword there for you."

"Yeah, well ... we got that wrong, didn't we?"

"What happened, Harry? What happened when she took you upstairs? Was the snake
hiding somewhere? Did it just come out and killher and attack you?"

"No."he said. "She was the snake ... or the snake was her ... all along."

"W-what?"

He closed his eyes. He could stillsmellBathilda's house on him;itmade the whole thing
horriblyvivid.

"Bathilda must've been dead a while. The snake was ... was inside her. You-Know-Who
putit therein Godric's Hollow, to wait. You were right. He knew I'd go back."

"The snake was inside her?"

He opened his eyes again. Hermionelooked revolted, nauseated.

"Lupin said there would bemagic we'd never imagined." Harry said. "She didn't want to
talk infront of you, becauseit was Parseltongue, all Parseltongue, and I didn't realize,
but of course I could understand her. Once we were up in the room, the snake sent a
message to You-Know-Who, I heard ithappeninsidemyhead, I felthimget excited, he
said to keep me there ... and then ..."

He remembered the snake coming out of Bathilda's neck: Hermione did not need to know
the details.

"...she changed, changed into the snake, and attacked."

He looked down at the puncture marks.

"It wasn't supposed to killme, just keep me there tillYou-Know-Who came."

Ifhe had onlymanaged to killthe snake, it would have been worthit, all ofit ... Sick at
heart, he sat up and threw back the covers.

"Harry, no, I'm sure you ought to rest!"

"You're the one who needs sleep. No offense, butyoulook terrible. I'mfine. I'llkeep
watchfor a while. Where's my wand?"

She did not answer, shemerelylooked at him.

"Where's my wand, Hermione?"

She was bitingher lip, and tears swaminher eyes.

"Harry ..."

"Where's my wand?"

She reached down beside the bed and held it out to him.

The holly and phoenix wand was nearly severed in two. One fragile strand of phoenix
feather kept both pieces hanging together. The wood had splintered apart completely.
Harry took itinto hishands as thoughit was aliving thing that had suffered a terrible
injury. He could not think properly:Everything was a blur of panic and fear. Thenhe
held out the want to Hermione.

"Mend it. Please."

"Harry, I don't think, whenit's broken like this --"

"Please, Hermione, try!"

"R-Reparo."

The danglinghalf of the wand resealed itself. Harry held itup.

"Lumos!"

The wand sparked feebly, then went out. Harry pointed it at Hermione.

"Expelliarmus!"

Hermione's wand gave alittle jerk, but did notleave her hand. Thefeeble attempt at
magicwas too much for Harry's wand, which splitinto two again. He stared atit, aghast,
unable to take in what he was seeing ... the wand that had survived so much ...

"Harry." Hermione whispered so quietlyhe could hardlyhear her. "I'm so, so sorry. I
think itwas me. As we were leaving, you know, the snake was comingfor us, and so I
cast a Blasting Curse, and it rebounded everywhere, and itmust have -- must have hit --"

"It was an accident." said Harrymechanically. Hefelt empty, stunned. "We'll -- we'llfind
a way to repair it."

"Harry, I don't think we're going to be able to," said Hermione, the ears tricklingdown

her face. "Remember ... remember Ron? When he broke his wand, crashing the car? It
was never the same again, he had to get a new one."

Harry thought of Ollivander, kidnapped and held hostage by Voldemort; of Gregorovitch,
who was dead. How was he supposed to find himself a new wand?

"Well,"he said, in afalselymatter-of-fact voice, "well, I'lljust borrow yours for now,
then. While I keep watch."

Her face glazed with tears, Hermione handed over her wand, and helefther sitting beside
his bed, desiringnothingmore than to get away fromher.


Chapter Eighteen
The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore

The sun was comingup:The pure, colorless vastness of the sky stretched over
him,indifferent to him and his suffering. Harry sat downin the tent entrance and took a
deep breath of clean air. Simply to be alive to watch the sun rise over the sparkling snowy
hillside ought to have been the greatest treasure on earth, yethe could not appreciate it:
His senses had been spiked by the calamity oflosinghis want. He looked out over a
valley blanketed in snow, distant church bells chiming through the glittering silence.
Without realizingit, he was digginghisfingers into his arms as ifhe were trying
to resist physical pain. He had spilled his own blood more times than he could count;he
had lost allbones inhis right arm once; this journey had already given himscars to his
chest and forearm to join those on his hand and forehead, but never, untilthis moment,
had hefelthimselfto be fatally weakened, vulnerable, and naked, as though the best part
of his magical power had been tornfromhim. He knew exactly what Hermione would
sayifhe expressed any of this:The wand is only as good as the wizard. But she was
wrong, his case was different. She had not felt the wand spinlike the needle of a compass
and shoot goldenflames at his enemy. He had lost the protection of the twin cores, and
onlynow thatit was gone did he realize how much he had been counting onit.
He pulled the pieces of the broken wand out ofhis pocket and, withoutlooking at
them, tucked them away in Hagrid's pouch around his neck. The pouch was now too full
of broken and useless objects to take anymore. Harry's hand brushed the old Snitch

through themokeskin and for a moment he had to fight the temptation to pullit out and
throw it away. Impenetrable, unhelpful, useless, like everything else Dumbledore had left
behind ---
And hisfury at Dumbledore broke over himnow likelava, scorchinghiminside,
wiping out every other feeling. Out of sheer desperation they had talked themselves into
believing that Godric's Hollow held answers, convinced themselves that they were
supposed to go back, thatit was all part of some secret path laid outfor them by
Dumbledore: but there was no map, no plan. Dumbledore had left them to grope in the
darkness, to wrestle withunknown and undreamed-of terrors, alone and unaided: Nothing
was explained, nothing was givenfreely, they had no sword, and now, Harry had no
wand. And he had dropped the photograph of the thief, and it would surely be easy now
for Voldemort to find out who he was . . .
Voldemort had alltheinformation now . . .
"Harry?"
Hermionelooked frightened that hemight curse her withher own wand. Her face
streaked with tears, she crouched down beside him, two cups of tea tremblinginher
hands and something bulky under her arm.
"Thanks,"he said, taking one of the cups.
"Do you mind ifI talk to you?"
"No,"he said because he did not want to hurt her feelings.
"Harry, you wanted to know who thatman in the picture was. Well . . . I've got
the book."
Timidly she pushed it onto his lap, a pristine copy of The Life and Lies of Albus
Dumbledore.
"Where --- how --- ?"
"It was in Bathilda's sitting room, justlying there. . . . This note was sticking out
of the top ofit."
Hermione read thefew lines of spiky, acid-green writing aloud.
"`Dear Bally, Thanks for your help. Here's a copy of the book, hope you like it.
You said everything, even if you don't remember it. Rita.' I thinkitmust have arrived
while the real Bathilda was alive, but perhaps she wasn'tin anyfit state to read it?"
"No, she probably wasn't."
Harrylooked down upon Dumbledore's face and experienced a surge of savage
pleasure: Now he would know if allthe things that Dumbledore had never thoughtit
worth tellinghim, whether Dumbledore wanted himto or not.
"You're stillreally angry atme, aren't you?" said Hermione; helooked up to see

fresh tears leaking out ofher eyes, and knew that his anger musthave showninhis face.
"No,"he said quietly. "No, Hermione, I know it was an accident. You were trying
to getus out of there alive, and you wereincredible. I'd be dead ifyouhadn't been there
to help me."
He tried to return her watery smile, then turned his attention to the book. Its spine
was stiff;ithad clearlynever been opened before. He riffled through the pages, looking
for photographs. He came across the one he sought almost at once, the young
Dumbledore and his handsome companion, roaring withlaughter at somelong-forgotten
joke. Harry dropped his eyes to the caption.

Albus Dumbledore, shortly after his mother's death,
With hisfriend Gellert Grindelwald.

Harry gaped at thelast word for several longmoments. Grindelwald. Hisfriend
Grindelwald. He looked sideways at Hermione, who was still contemplating the name as
though she could not believe her eyes. Slowly shelooked up at Harry.
"Grindelwald!"
Ignoring the remainder of the photographs, Harry searched the pages around them
for a recurrence of thatfatalname. He soon discovered it and read greedily, but became
lost:It was necessary to go farther back to make sense ofit all, and eventuallyhe found
himself at the start of a chapter entitled "The Greater Good." Together, he and Hermione
started to read:

Now approachinghis eighteenth birthday, Dumbledore leftHogwarts in a blaze
of glory --- Head Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prizefor
Exceptional Spell-Casting, British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot,
Gold Medal-Winner for Ground-Breaking Contribution to the International
Alchemical Conference in Cairo. Dumbledore intended, next, to take a Grand
Tour with Elphias "Dogbreath"Doge, the dim-witted but devoted sidekick he
had picked up at school.
The two youngmen were staying at the Leaky Cauldronin London,
preparing to departfor Greece thefollowingmorning, when an owl arrived
bearingnews of Dumbledore's mother's death. "Dogbreath"Doge, who refused
to be interviewed for this book, has given the publichis own sentimental
version of what happened next. He represents Kendra's death as a tragic blow,
and Dumbledore's decision to give up his expedition as an act of noble self-

sacrifice.
CertainlyDumbledore returned to Godric's Hollow at once, supposedly to
"care"for his younger brother and sister. But how much care did he actually
give them?
"He were a head case, that Aberforth," said Enid Smeek, whosefamilylived
on the outskirts of Godric's Hollow at that time. "Ran wild. `Course, withhis
mumand dad gone you'd havefelt sorryfor him, onlyhe kept chuckinggoat
dung atmyhead. I don't think Albus was fussed about him. I never saw them
together, anyway."
So what was Albus doing,ifnot comfortinghis wild young brother? The
answer, it seems, is ensuring the continued imprisonment of his sister. For
thoughher first jailer had died, there was no changein the pitifulcondition of
Ariana Dumbledore. Her very existence continued to be known only to those
few outsiders who, like "Dogbreath"Doge, could be counted upon to believein
the story ofher "illhealth."
Another such easily satisfied friend of thefamily was Bathilda Bagshot, the
celebrated magicalhistorian who has lived in Godric's Hollowfor manyyears.
Kendra, of course, had rebuffed Bathilda when shefirst attempted to welcome
thefamily to the village. Severalyears later, however, the author sent an owl to
Albus at Hogwarts, having beenfavorablyimpressed by his paper on trans-
species transformationin Transfiguration Today. Thisinitial contractled to
acquaintance with the entire Dumbledorefamily. At the time of Kendra's death,
Bathilda was the only person in Godric's Hollow who was on speaking terms
with Dumbledore's mother.
Unfortunately, the brilliance that Bathilda exhibited earlier inher lifehas
now dimmed. "Thefire's lit, but the cauldron's empty," as Ivor Dillonsby putit
to me, or, in Enid Smeek's slightly earthier phrase, "She's nutty as squirrel
poo." Nevertheless, a combination of tried-and-tested reporting techniques
enabled me to extract enoughnuggets ofhard fact to string together the whole
scandalous story.
Like the rest of the Wizarding world, Bathilda puts Kendra's premature death
down to a backfiring charm, a story repeated by Albus and Aberforthinlater
years. Bathilda also parrots thefamilyline on Ariana, callingher "frail" and
"delicate." On one subject, however, Bathildais wellworth the effort I putinto
procuring Veritaserum, for she, and she alone, knows thefullstory of the best-
kept secret of Albus Dumbledore's life. Now revealed for thefirst time, it calls

into question everything that his admirers believed of Dumbledore:his
supposed hatred of the Dark Arts, his oppositioninto the oppression of Muggles,
even his devotion to his own family.
The very same summer that Dumbledore wenthome to Godric's Hollow,
now an orphan and head of thefamily, Bathilda Bagshot agreed to acceptinto
her home her great-nephew, Gellert Grindelwald.
The name of Grindelwald is justlyfamous: In a list of Most Dangerous Dark
Wizards of AllTime, he would miss out on the top spot only because You-
Know-Who arrived, a generation later, to stealhis crown. As Grindelwald never
extended his campaign of terror to Britain, however, the details of his rise to
power are not widely known here.
Educated at Durmstrang, a schoolfamous even thenfor its unfortunate
tolerance of the Dark Arts, Grindelwald showed himself quite as precociously
brilliant as Dumbledore. Rather than channelhis abilities into the attainment of
awards and prizes, however, Gellert Grindelwald devoted himselfno other
pursuits. At sixteen years old, even Durmstrangfeltit could no longer turn a
blind eye to the twisted experiments of Gellert Grindelwald, and he was
expelled.
Hitherto, allthat has been known of Grindelwald's nextmovements is that he
"traveled around for somemonths." It cannow be revealed that Grindelwald
chose to visithis great-auntin Godric's Hollow, and that there, intensely
shocking thoughit will be for many to hear it, he struck up a close friendship
withnone other than Albus Dumbledore.
"He seemed a charming boy to me," babbles Bathilda, "whatever he became
later. NaturallyI introduced himto poor Albus, who was missing the company
oflads his own age. The boys took to each other at once."
They certainly did. Bathilda shows me a letter, kept by her that Albus
Dumbledore sent Gellert Grindelwald inthe dead of night.
"Yes, even after they'd spent all dayin discussion --- both such brilliant
young boys, they got onlike a cauldron on fire --- I'd sometimes hear an owl
tapping at Gellert's bedroomwindow, delivering a letter from Albus! Anidea
would have struck him and he had to let Gellert know immediately!"
And whatideas they were. Profoundly shocking though Albus Dumbledore's
fans willfindit, here are the thoughts of their seventeen-year-old hero, as
relayed to his new best friend. (A copy of the originalletter may be seen on
page 463.)

Gellert ---
Your point about Wizard dominance being FOR THE MUGGLES'
OWN GOOD --- this, I think, is the crucial point. Yes, we have been given
power and yes, that power gives us the right to rule, but it also gives us
responsibilities over the ruled. We must stress this point, it will be the
foundation stone upon which we build. Where we are opposed, as we
surely will be, this must be the basis of all our counterarguments. We seize
control FOR THE GREATER GOOD. And from this it follows that where
we meet resistance, we must use only the force that is necessary and no
more. (This was your mistake at Durmstrang! But I do not complain,
because if you had not been expelled, we would never have met.)
Albus

Astonished and appalled thoughhis many admirers willbe, thisletter
constitutes the Statute of Secrecy and establishing Wizard rule over Muggles.
What a blow for those who have always portrayed Dumbledore as the Muggle-
borns' greatest champion! How hollow those speeches promoting Muggle rights
seemin thelight of this damningnew evidence! How despicable does Albus
Dumbledore appear, busy plottinghis rise to power when he should have been
mourninghis mother and caringfor his sister!
No doubt those determined to keep Dumbledore on his crumbling pedestal
willbleat that he did not, after all, put his plans into action, that hemust have
suffered a change of heart, that he came to his senses. However, the truth seems
altogether more shocking.
Barely two months into their great new friendship, Dumbledore and
Grindelwald parted, never to see each other againuntilthey metfor their
legendary duel (for more, see chapter 22). What caused this abrupt rupture? Had
Dumbledore come to his senses? Had he told Grindelwald he wanted no more
part inhis plans? Alas, no.
"It was poor little Ariana dying, I think, that did it," says Bathilda. "It came
as an awfulshock. Gellert was there in the house whenithappened, and he
came back to myhouse all of a dither, toldme he wanted to go home the next
day. Terribly distressed, you know. So I arranged a Portkey and that was thelast
I saw of him.

"Albus was beside himself at Ariana's death. It was so dreadfulfor those two
brothers. Theyhad lost everybody except for each other. No wonder tempers
ran a littlehigh. Aberforth blamed Albus, you know, as people willunder these
dreadful circumstances. But Aberforth always talked alittlemadly, poor boy.
Allthe same, breaking Albus's nose at thefuneralwas not decent. It would have
destroyed Kendra to see her sons fightinglike that, across her daughter's body.
A shame Gellert could not have stayed for thefuneral. . . . He would have been
a comfort to Albus, at least. . . .
This dreadful coffin-side brawl, known onlyto those few who attended
Ariana Dumbledore's funeral, raises several questions. Why exactly did
Aberforth Dumbledore blame Albus for his sister's death? Was it, as "Batty"
pretends, a mere effusion of grief? Or could there have been somemore
concrete reason for hisfury? Grindelwald, expelled fromDurmstrangfor the
near-fatal attacks uponfellow students, fled the country hours after the girl's
death, and Albus (out of shame or fear?) never saw him again, not untilforced
to do so by the pleas of the Wizarding world.
Neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald ever seems to have referred to this
brief boyhood friendship inlater life. However, there can be no doubt that
Dumbledore delayed, for somefiveyears of turmoil,fatalities, and
disappearances, his attack upon Gellert Grindelwald. Was itlingering affection
for theman or fear of exposure as his once best friend that caused Dumbledore
to hesitate? Was it only reluctantly that Dumbledore set out to capture theman
he was once so delighted he had met?
And how did themysterious Ariana die? Was she theinadvertentvictim of
some Dark rite? Did she stumble across something she oughtnot to have done,
as the two youngmen sat practicingfor their attempt at glory and domination?
Is it possible that Ariana Dumbledore was thefirst person to die "for the greater
good"?


The chapter ended here and Harrylooked up. Hermione had reached the bottom
of the page before him. She tugged the book out of Harry's hands, looking alittle
alarmed by his expression, and closed itwithoutlooking atit, as thoughhiding something
indecent.
"Harry ---"
Buthe shook hishead. Someinner certaintyhad crashed downinside him;itwas

exactly as he had felt after Ronleft. He had trusted Dumbledore, believed himthe
embodiment of goodness and wisdom. Allwas ashes:How muchmore could helose?
Ron, Dumbledore, the phoenix wand . . .
"Harry." She seemed to have heard his thoughts. "Listen to me. It --- it doesn't
make a very nice reading ---"
"Yeah, you could say that ---"
"--- but don'tforget, Harry, thisis Rita Skeeter writing."
"You did read thatletter to Grindelwald, didn't you?"
"Yes, I --- I did." She hesitated, looking upset, cradlingher tea inher cold hands.
"I think that's the worst bit. I know Bathilda thoughtitwas alljust talk, but 'For the
Greater Good' became Grindelwald's slogan, his justificationfor allthe atrocities he
committed later. And . . . from that . . . itlooks like Dumbledore gave himtheidea. They
say 'For the Greater Good' was even carved over the entrance to Nurmengard."
"What's Nurmengard?"
"The prison Grindelwald had built to hold his opponents. He ended up in there
himself, once Dumbledore had caughthim. Anyway, it's --- it's an awfulthoughtthat
Dumbledore's ideas helped Grindelwald rise to power. But on the other hand, even Rita
can't pretend that they knew each other for more than afew months one summer when
they were both reallyyoung, and ---"
"I thoughtyou'd say that," said Harry. He did not want to let his anger spill out at
her, butit was hard to keep his voice steady. "I thoughtyou'd say 'They were young.'
They were the same age as we are now. And here we are, risking our lives to fight the
Dark Arts, and there he was, in a huddle withhis new bestfriend, plotting their rise to
power over the Muggles."
His temper would not remainin check much longer:He stood up and walked
around, trying to work some ofit off.
"I'mnot trying to defend what Dumbledore wrote," said Hermione. "Allthat 'right
to rule' rubbish, it's 'Magic Is Might' all over again. But Harry, his mother had just died,
he was stuck alonein the house ---"
"Alone? He wasn't alone! He had his brother and sister for company, his Squib
sister he was keepinglocked up ---"
"I don't believeit," said Hermione. She stood up too. "Whatever was wrong withthat
girl, I don't think she was a Squib. The Dumbledore we knew would never, ever have
allowed---"
"The Dumbledore we thought we knew didn't want to conquer Muggles byforce!"
Harry shouted, his voice echoing across the empty hilltop, and several blackbirds rose

into the air, squawking and spiraling against the pearly sky.
"He changed, Harry, he changed! It's as simple as that! Maybe he did believe
these things when he was seventeen, but the whole of the rest of hislifewas devoted to
fighting the Dark Arts! Dumbledore was the one who stopped Grindelwald, the one who
always voted for Muggle protection and Muggle born rights, who fought You-Know-
Who from the start, and who died trying to bringhimdown!"
Rita's book lay on the ground between them, so that theface of Albus
Dumbledore smiled dolefully at both.
"Harry, I'm sorry, but I think the real reason you're so angryis that Dumbledore
never told you any of this himself."
"Maybe I am!" Harry bellowed, and heflunghis arms over his head, hardly
knowing whether he was trying to hold inhis anger or protect himselffromthe weight of
his own disillusionment. "Look what he asked fromme, Hermione! Risk your life, Harry!
And again! And again! And don't expectme to explain everything, just trustme blindly,
trust that I know what I'm doing, trustme even though I don't trust you! Never the whole
truth! Never!"
His voice cracked with the strain, and they stood looking at each other in the
whiteness and emptiness, and Harryfeltthey were as insignificant as insects beneath that
wide sky.
"Heloved you," Hermione whispered. "I know heloved you."
Harry dropped his arms.
"I don't know who heloved, Hermione, butit was never me. Thisisn'tlove, the
mess he's leftmein. He shared a damn sightmore of what he was really thinking with
Gellert Grindelwald than he ever shared withme."
Harry picked up Hermione's wand, whichhe had dropped in the snow, and sat
back downin the entrance of the tent.
"Thanks for the tea. I'llfinish the watch. You get back in the warm."
She hesitated, but recognized the dismissal. She picked up the book and then walked
back past himinto the tent, but as she did so, she brushed the top of his head lightly with
her hand. He closed his eyes at her touch, and hated himselffor wishing that what she
said was true:that Dumbledore had really cared.

Chapter Nineteen
The Silver Doe

It was snowing by the time Hermione took over the watch atmidnight. Harry's
dreams were confused and disturbing: Naginiwovein and out of them, first through a
wreath of Christmas roses. He woke repeatedly, panicky, convinced that somebody had
called out to himin the distance, imagining that the wind whipping around the tent was
footsteps or voices.
Finallyhe got up in the darkness and joined Hermione, who was huddled in the
entrance to the tent reading A History of Magic by thelight ofher wand. The snow was
falling thickly, and she greeted with reliefhis suggestion of packingup early and moving
on.
"We'llsomewheremore sheltered," she agreed, shivering as she pulled on a
sweatshirt over her pajamas. "I kept thinking I could hear peoplemoving outside. I even
though I saw somebody one or twice."
Harry paused in the act of pulling on a jumper and glanced at the silent,
motionless Sneakoscope on the table.
"I'm sure I imagined it," said Hermione, lookingnervous. "The snow the dark, it
plays tricks on your eyes.... But perhaps we ought to Disapparate under the Invisibility
Cloak, justin case?"
Half an hour later, with the tent packed, Harry wearing the Horcrux, and
Hermione clutching the beaded bag, they Disapparated. The usualtightness engulfed
them; Harry's feet parted company with the snowy ground, then slammed hard onto what
feltlikefrozen earth covered inleaves.
"Where are we?"he asked, peering around at thefresh mass of trees as Hermione
opened the beaded bag and began tugging out the tent poles.
"The Forest of Dean," she said, "I came campinghere once withmymum and
dad."
Here too snow lay on the trees all around and it was bitterly cold, but they were at
least protected from the wind. They spentmost of the day inside the tent, huddled for
warmth around the useful bright blueflames that Hermione was adept at producing, and
which could be scooped up and carried in a jar. Harryfelt as thoughhe was recuperating
fromsome brief but severe, an impression reinforced by Hermione's solicitousness. That
afternoon freshflakes drifted down upon them, so that even their sheltered clearinghad a
fresh dusting of powdery snow.

After two nights oflittle sleep, Harry's senses seemed more alert than usual.
Their escape from Godric's Hollow had been so narrow that Voldemort seemed
somehow
closer than before, more threatening. As darkness drove in again Harry refused
Hermione's offer to keep watch and told her to go to bed.
Harry moved an old cushioninto the tentmouth and sat down, wearing allthe
sweaters he owned but even so, stillshivery. The darkness deepened with the passing
hours untilit was virtuallyimpenetrable. He was on the point of taking out the
Marauder's Map, so as to watch Ginny's dot for a while, before he remembered thatit
was
the Christmas holidays and that she would be back at the Burrow.
Every tinymovement seemed magnified inthe vastness of theforest. Harry knew
thatitmust be fullofliving creatures, but he wished they would allremain stilland silent
so thathe could separate theirinnocent scurryings and prowlingsfromnoises that might
proclaimother, sinister movements. He remembered the sound of a cloak slithering over
dead leaves manyyears ago, and at once thoughthe heard it again before mentally
shakinghimself. Their protective enchantments had worked for weeks; why should they
break now? And yet he could no throw off thefeeling that something was different
tonight.
Severaltimes he jerked upright, hisneck aching because he had fallen asleep,
slumped at an awkward angle against the side of the tent. The night reached such a depth
of velvety blackness that hemighthave been suspended inlimbo between Disapparation
and Apparation. He had just held a hand infront ofhisface to see whether he could
make out hisfingers whenithappened.
A bright silver light appeared right ahead of him,moving through the trees.
Whatever the source, it was moving soundlessly. Thelight seemed simply to drift toward
him.
He jumped to hisfeet, his voice frozeninhis throat, and raised Hermione's wand.
He screwed up his eyes as thelight became blinding, the trees infront ofit pitch black in
silhouette, and stillthe thing came closer....
And then the source of thelight stepped outfrom behind an oak. It was a silver
white doe, moon-bright and dazzling, pickingher way over the ground, stillsilent, and
leavingno hoofprints in thefine powdering of snow. She stepped toward him, her
beautifulhead withits wide, long-lashed eyes held high.
Harry stared at the creature, filled with wonder, not at her strangeness, but her
inexplicablefamiliarity. Hefelt that he had been waitingfor her to come, but that he had

forgotten, untilthis moment, that they had arranged to meet. Hisimpulse to shoutfor
Hermione, which had been so strong a moment ago, had gone. He knew, he would have
staked hislife on it, that she had comefor him, and him alone.
Theygazed at each other for severallongmoments and then she turned and
walked away.
"No,"he said, and his voice was cracked withlack ofuse. "Come back!"
She continued to step deliberately through the trees, and soon he brightness was
striped by their thick black trunks. For one trembling second he hesitated. Caution
murmured it could be a trick, alure, a trap. Butinstinct, overwhelminginstinct, told him
that this was not Dark Magic. He set offin pursuit.
Snow crunched beneath hisfeet, but the doe made no noise as she passed through
the trees, for she was nothing butlight. Deeper and deeper into theforest sheled him,
and Harry walked quickly, sure that when she stopped, she would allow himto approach
her properly. And then she would speak and the voice would tellhimwhat he needed to
know.
Atlast she came to a halt. She turned her beautifulhead toward him once more,
and he broke into a run, a question burninginhim, but as he opened hislips to ask it, she
vanished.
Though the darkness had swallowed her whole, her burnished image was still
imprinted on his retinas;it obscured his vision, brightening whenhelowered his eyelids,
disorientinghim. Now fear came:Her presence had meant safety.
"Lumos!"he whispered, and the wand-tipignited.
Theimprint of the doe faded away with every blink ofhis eyes as he stood there,
listening to the sounds of theforest, to distant crackles of twigs, soft swishes of snow.
Was he about to be attacked? Had she enticed himinto an ambush? Was heimagining
that somebody stood beyond the reach of the wandlight, watchinghim?
He held the wand higher. Nobody ran out at him, no flash ofgreen light burst
from behind a tree. Why, then, had sheled himto this spot?
Somethinggleamed in thelight of the wand, and Harry spun about, but allthat
was there was a small, frozen pool, its black, cracked surface glittering as he raised his
wand higher to examineit.
Hemoved forward rather cautiously and looked down. Theice reflected his
distorted shadow and the beam of wandlight, but deep below the thick, misty gray
carapace, something else glinted. A great silver cross...
His heart skipped into hismouth:He dropped to his knees at the pool's edge and
angled the wand so as to flood the bottomof the pool with as muchlight as possible. A

glint of deep red...It was a sword withglittering rubies inits hilt....The sword of
Gryffindor was lying at the bottom of theforest pool.
Barely breathing, he stared down atit. How was this possible? How could it
have come to be lyingin a forest pool, this close to the place where they were camping?
Had some unknown magic drawn Hermione to this spot, or was the doe, which he had
taken to be a Patronus, some kind of guardian of the pool? Or had the sword been put
into the pool after they had arrived, precisely because they were here? In which case,
where was the person who wanted to pass it to Harry? Againhe directed the wand at the
surrounding trees and bushes, searchingfor a human outline, for the glint of an eye, but
he could not see anyone there. Allthe same, a littlemore fear leavened his exhilaration
as he returned his attention to the sword reposingupon the bottom of thefrozen pool.
He pointed the wand at the silvery shape and murmured, "Accio Sword."
It did not stir. He had not expected it to. Ifithad been that easy the sword would
havelain on the ground for himto pick up, notin the depths of afrozen pool. He set off
around the circle ofice, thinkinghard about thelast time the sword had delivered itself to
him. He had been in terrible danger then, and had asked for help.
"Help,"hemurmured, but the sword remained upon the pool bottom, indifferent,
motionless.
What was it, Harry asked himself (walking again), that Dumbledore had told him
thelast timehe had retrieved the sword? Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled
that
out of the hat. And what were the qualities that defined a Gryffindor? A smallvoice
inside Harry's head answered him: Their daring nerve and chivalry set Gryffindor
apart.
Harry stopped walking and let out along sigh, his smoky breath dispersing
rapidlyupon thefrozen air. He knew what he had to do. If he was honest with himself,
he had thoughtitmight come to this fromthemomenthe had spotted the sword through
theice.
He glanced around at the surrounding trees again, but was convinced now that
nobody was going to attack him. They had had their chance as he walked alone through
theforest, had had plenty of opportunity as he examined the pool. The only reason to
delay at this point was because theimmediate prospect was so deeplyuninviting.
Withfumblingfingers Harry started to remove hismanylayers of clothing.
Where"chivalry" entered into this, he thought ruefully,he was not entirely sure, unless it
counted as chivalrous that he was not callingfor Hermione to do itinhis stead.
An owlhooted somewhere as he stripped off, and he thoughtwith a pang of

Hedwig. He was shiveringnow, his teeth chatteringhorribly, and yet he continued to
strip offuntil atlast he stood thereinhis underwear, barefooted in the snow. He placed
the pouch containinghis wand, hismother's letter, the shard of Sirius's mirror, and the old
Snitch on top of his clothes, then he pointed Hermione's wand at theice.
 "Diffindo."
It cracked with a sound like a bulletin the silence. The surface of the pool broke
and chunks of dark ice rocked on the ruffled water. As far as Harry could judge,it was
not deep, but to retrieve the sword he would have to submerge himself completely.
Contemplating the task ahead would notmakeit easier or the water warmer. He
stepped to the pool's edge and placed Hermione's wand on the ground stilllit. Then,
tryingnot to imaginehow much colder he was about to become or how violently he
would soon be shivering, he jumped.
Every pore of his body screamed in protest. The very air inhislungs seemed to
freeze solid as he was submerged to his shoulders in thefrozen water. He could hardly
breathe:trembling so violently the water lapped over the edges of the pool, hefeltfor the
blade withhisnumb feet. He only wanted to dive once.
Harry put off themoment of total submersionfrom second to second, gasping and
shaking, untilhe told himselfthatitmust be done, gathered allhis courage, and dived.
The cold was agony:It attacked himlike fire. His brainitself seemed to have
frozen as he pushed through the dark water to the bottom and reached out, gropingfor
the
sword. Hisfingers closed around the hilt; he pulled itupward.
Then something closed tight around his neck. He thought of water weeds, though
nothinghad brushed him as he dived, and raised his hand to free himself. It was not
weed: The chain of the Horcruxhad tightened and was slowly constrictinghis windpipe.
Harry kicked out wildly, trying to push himself back to the surface, butmerely
propelled himselfinto the rocky side of the pool. Thrashing, suffocating, he scrabbled at
the strangling chain, hisfrozenfingers unable to loosenit, and now littlelights were
poppinginside his head, and he was going to drown, there was nothingleft, nothinghe
could do, and the arms that closed around his chest were surely Death's....
Choking and retching, soaking and colder than he had ever been inhislife, he
came to facedown in the snow. Somewhere, close by, another person was panting and
coughing and staggering around, as she had come when the snake attacked....Yetit did
not sound like her, not with those deep coughs, no judging by the weight of the
footsteps....
Harry had no strength to lifthis head and see his savior's identity. Allhe could do

was raise a shakinghand to his throat and feel the place where thelocket had cut tightly
into hisflesh. It was gone. Someone had cut himfree. Then a pantingvoice spoke from
over his head.
"Are -- you -- mental?"
Nothing but the shock of hearing thatvoice could have given Harry the strength to
get up. Shiveringviolently, he staggered to his feet. There before himstood Ron,fully
dressed but drenched to the skin, hishair plastered to hisface, the sword of Gryffindor in
one hand and the Horcrux danglingfromits broken chainin the other.
"Why the hell," panted Ron, holdingup the Horcrux, which swung backward and
forward onits shortened chainin some parody ofhypnosis, "didn't you take the thing off
before you dived?"
Harry could not answer. The silver doe was nothing, nothing compared with
Ron's reappearance; he could not believe it. Shuddering with cold, he caughtup the pile
of clothes stilllying at the water's edge and began to pullthem on. As he dragged
sweater after sweater over his head, Harry stared at Ron, half expectinghimto have
disappeared every timehelost sight ofhim, and yet he had to be real:He had just dived
into the pool, he had saved Harry's life.
"It was y-you?" Harry said atlast, his teeth chattering, his voice weaker than usual
due to hisnear-strangulation.
"Well, yeah," said Ron, looking slightly confused.
"Y-you cast that doe?"
"What? No, of course not! I thoughtit was you doingit!"
"My Patronus is a stag."
"Oh yeah. I thoughtitlooked different. No antlers."
Harry put Hagrid's pouch back around hisneck, pulled on a final sweater, stooped
to pick up Hermione's wand, and faced Ron again.
"How come you're here?"
Apparently Ronhad hoped that this pointwould come up later, if at all.
"Well, I've -- you know -- I've come back. If --" He cleared his throat. "You
know. You stillwantme."
There was a pause, in which the subject of Ron's departure seemed to riselike a
wall between them. Yet he was here. He had returned. He had just saved Harry's life.
Ronlooked down at hishands. He seemed momentarily surprised to see the
thingshe was holding.
"Oh yeah, I gotit out,"he said, rather unnecessarily,holdingup the sword for
Harry's inspection. "That's whyyou jumped in, right?"

"Yeah," said Harry. "But I don't understand. How did you get here? How did
youfind us?"
"Long story," said Ron. "I've beenlookingfor youfor hours, it's a bigforest, isn't
it? And I was just thinking I'd have to go kip under a tree and waitfor morning when I
saw that dear coming and youfollowing."
"You didn't see anyone else?"
"No," said Ron. "I --"
But he hesitated, glancing at two trees growing close together some yards away.
"I did think I saw somethingmove over there, but I was running to the pool at the
time, because you'd gonein and you hadn't come up, so I wasn't going to make a detour
to -- hey!"
Harry was already hurrying to the place that Ron had indicated. The two oaks
grew close together; there was a gap of only a few inches between the trunks at eye level,
an ideal place to see but not be seen. The ground around the roots, however, was free of
snow, and Harry could see no sign offootprints. He walked back to where Ron stood
waiting, stillholding the sword and the Horcrux.
"Anything there?" Ron asked.
"No," said Harry.
"So how did the sword getin that pool?"
"Whoever cast the Patronus must have putit there."
They bothlooked at the ornate silver sword, its rubied hiltglinting alittlein the
lightfromHermione's wand.
"You reckon this is the real one?" asked Ron.
"One way to find out, isn't there?" said Harry.
The Horcrux was stillswingingfromRon's hand. Thelocket was twitching
slightly. Harry knew that the thinginsideit was agitated again. It had sensed the
presence of the sword and had tried to killHarry rather thanlet him possess it. Now was
not the timefor long discussions; now was themoment to destroy once and for all. Harry
looked around, holding Hermione's wand high, and saw the place: aflattish rock lyingin
the shadow of a sycamore tree.
"Come here."he said and heled the way, brushed snow from the rock's surface,
and held out hishand for the Horcrux. When Ron offered the sword, however, Harry
shook his head.
"No you should do it."
"Me?" said Ron, looking shocked. "Why?"
"Because you got the sword out of the pool. I think it's supposed to be you."

He was not being kind or generous. As certainly as he had known that the doe
was benign, he knew that Ron had to be the one to wield the sword. Dumbledore had at
least taught Harry something about certain kinds ofmagic, of theincalculable power of
certain acts.
"I'mgoing to open it," said Harry, "and you willstab it. Straightaway okay?
Because whatever's in there willputup a fight. The bit of Riddlein the Diary tried to kill
me."
"How are yougoing to open it?" asked Ron. He looked terrified
"I'mgoing to ask it to open, using Parseltongue," said Harry. The answer came so
readily to hislips that thought that he had always knownit deep down: Perhaps it had
taken his recent encounter with Naginito make himrealizeit. He looked at the
serpentine S, inlaid withglitteringgreen stones:It was easy to visualizeit as aminiscule
snake, curled upon the cold rock.
"No!" said Ron. "Don't open it! I'm serious!"
"Whynot?" asked Harry. "Let's get rid of the damn thing, it's been months --"
"I can't, Harry, I'm serious -- you do it --"
"But why?"
"Because that thing's bad for me!" said Ron, backing away from thelocket on the
rock. "I can't handleit! I'mnotmakingexcuses, for what I was like, butit affects me
worse thanit affects you and Hermione, itmade me think stuff -- stuffthat I was thinking
anyway, butitmade everything worse. I can't explainit, and then I'd take it off and I'd
getmyhead straight again, and then I'd have to put the effing thing back on -- I can't do it
Harry!"
He had backed away, the sword dragging at his side, shakinghis head.
"You can do it," said Harry, "you can! You've just got the sword, I know it's
supposed to be you who uses it. Please just get rid ofit Ron."
The sound of his name seemed to actlike a stimulant. Ron swallowed, then still
breathinghard throughhislongnose, moved back toward the rock.
"Tellme when,"he croaked.
"On three," said Harry, looking back down at thelocket and narrowinghis eyes,
concentrating on theletter S, imagining a serpent, while the contents of thelocket rattled
like a trapped cockroach. It would have been easy to pityit, except that the cut around
Harry's neck stillburned.
"One . . . two . . . three . . .open."
Thelast word came as a hiss and a snarland the golden doors of thelocket swung
wide open with a little click.

Behind both of the glass windows withinblinked aliving eye, dark and handsome
as TomRiddle's eyes had been before he turned themscarlet and slit-pupiled
"Stab," said Harry, holding thelocket steady on the rock.
Ron raised the sword inhis shakinghands:The point dangled over thefrantically
swiveling eyes, and Harrygripped thelocket tightly, bracinghimself, already imagining
blood pouringfrom the empty windows.
Then a voice hissed from out the Horcrux.
"I have seen your heart, and it is mine."
"Don'tlisten to it!" Harry said harshly. "Stab it!"
"I have seen your dreams, Ronald Weasley, and I have seen your fears. All you
desire is possible, but all that you dread is also possible...."
"Stab!" shouted Harry, his voice echoed off the surrounding trees, the sword point
trembled, and Ron gazed down into Riddle's eyes.
"Least loved, always, by the mother who craved a daughter . . . Least loved, now,
by the girl who prefers your friend . . . Second best, always, eternally overshadowed
. . ."
"Ron, stab itnow!" Harry bellowed:He could feel thelocket quiveringin the grip and
was scared of what was coming. Ron raised the sword stillhigher, and as he did so,
Riddle's eyes gleamed scarlet.

Out of thelocket's two windows, out of the eyes, there bloomed like two grotesque
bubbles, the heads of Harry and Hermione, weirdly distorted.

Ron yelled in shock and backed away as thefigures blossomed out of thelocket, first
chests, then waists, thenlegs, untilthey stood in thelocket, side by sidelike trees with a
common root, swaying over Ron and the real Harry, who had snatched hisfingers away
fromthelocket as it burned, suddenly, white-hot.

"Ron!"he shouted, but the Riddle-Harry was now speaking with Voldemort's voice and
Ron was gazing, mesmerized, into its face.

"Why return? We were better without you, happier without you, glad of your
absence....
We laughed at your stupidity, your cowardice, your presumption--"

"Presumption!" echoed the Riddle-Hermione, who was more beautiful and yet more

terrible than the realHermione: She swayed, cackling, before Ron, who looked horrified,
yet transfixed, the sword hanging pointlessly at his side. "Who could look at you, who
would ever look at you, beside Harry Potter? What have you ever done, compared
with
the Chosen One? What are you, compared with the Boy Who Lived?"

"Ron, stab it, STAB IT!" Harry yelled, butRon did notmove. His eyes were wide, and
the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione were reflected in them, their hair swirlinglike
flames, their eyes shining red, their voices lifted in an evilduet.

"Your mother confessed," sneered Riddle-Harry, while Riddle-Hermione jeered, "that
she
would have preferred me as a son, would be glad to exchange..."

"Who wouldn't prefer him, what woman would take you, you are nothing, nothing,
nothing to him," crooned Riddle-Hermione, and she stretched like a snake and entwined
herself around Riddle-Harry, wrappinghimin a close embrace: Theirlips met.

On the ground infront of them, Ron's face filled with anguish. he raised the sword high,
his arms shaking.

"Do it, Ron!" Harry yelled.

Ronlooked toward him, and Harry thoughthe saw a trace of scarletinhis eyes.

"Ron --?"

The sword flashed, plunged:Harry threw himself out of the way, there as a clang ofmetal
and a long, drawn-out scream. Harry whirled around, slippingin the snow, wand held
ready to defend himself, but there was nothing to fight.

Themonstrous versions ofhimself and Hermione were gone:There was only Ron,
standing there with the sword held slacklyinhis hand, looking down at the shattered
remains of thelocket on theflat rock.

Slowly, Harry walked back to him, hardly knowing what to say or do. Ron was breathing

heavily:His eyes were no longer red at all, but their normal blue: they were also wet.

Harry stooped, pretendinghe had not seen, and picked up the broken Horcrux. Ron had
pierced the glass in both windows:Riddle's eyes were gone, and the stained silklining of
thelocket was smoking slightly. The thing that had lived in the Horcruxhad vanished;
torturing Ron had been its final act. The sword clanged as Ron dropped it. He had sunk
to
his knees, his head inhis arms. He was shaking, but not, Harry realized, from cold. Harry
crammed the broken locketinto his pocket, knelt down beside Ron, and placed a hand
cautiously on his shoulder. He took it as a good sign that Ron did not throw it off.

"After youleft,"he said in a low voice, gratefulfor thefact that Ron's face was hidden,
"she cried for a week. Probablylonger, only she didn't wantme to see. There were loads
of nights when we never even spoke to each other. Withyou gone..."

He could notfinish;it was now that Ron was here again that Harryfully realized how
muchhis absence had cost them.

"She's likemy sister,"he went on."Iloveher like a sister and I reckon that shefeels the
same way aboutme. It's always beenlike that. I thoughtyou knew."

Ron did not respond, but turned his face awayfromHarry and wiped his nose noisily on
his sleeve. Harrygot to his feet again and walked to where Ron's enormous rucksack lay
yards away, discarded as Ron had run toward the pool to save Harryfrom drowning. He
hoisted it onto his own back and walked back to Ron, who clambered to hisfeet as
Harry
approached, eyes bloodshot but otherwise composed.

"I'm sorry,"he said in a thick voice. "I'msorry I left. I know I was a -- a --"

He looked around at the darkness, as ifhoping a bad enough word would swoop down
upon him and claimhim.

"You've sort of made up for it tonight," said Harry. "Getting the sword. Finishingoff the
Horcrux. Savingmylife."

"Thatmakes me sound alot cooler than I was," Ronmumbled.

"Stufflike that always sounds cooler thanit reallywas" said Harry. "I've been trying to
tellyou thatfor years."

Simultaneously they walked forward and hugged, Harry gripping the still-sopping back
of Ron's jacket.

"And now," said Harry as they broke apart, "allwe've got to do is find that tent again."

Butit was not difficult. Though the walk through the dark forest with the doe had seemed
lengthy, with Ron by his side, the journey back seemed to take a surprisingly short time.
Harry could not wait to wake Hermione, and it was with quickening excitement that he
entered the tent, Ronlagging alittle behind him.

It was gloriously warm after the pool and theforest, the onlyillumination the bluebell
flames stillshimmeringin a bowl on thefloor. Hermione was fast asleep, curled up under
her blankets, and did notmove untilHarry had said her name several times.

"Hermione!"

She stirred, then sat up quickly, pushingher hair out of her face.

"What's wrong? Harry? Are you allright?"

"It's okay, everything's fine. More than fine, I'mgreat. There's someone here."

"What do youmean? Who --?"

She saw Ron, who stood there holding the sword and dripping onto the threadbare
carpet.
Harry backed into a shadowy corner, slipped off Ron's rucksack, and attempted to blend
inwith the canvas.

Hermione slid out ofher bunk and moved like a sleepwalker toward Ron, her eyes upon
his paleface. She stopped rightinfront of him, her lips slightly parted, her eyes wide.

Ron gave a weak hopefulsmile and halfraised his arms.

Hermionelaunched herselfforward and started punching every inch of himthat she could
reach.

"Ouch -- ow -- gerroff! What the --? Hermione -- OW!"


"You -- complete -- arse -- Ronald -- Weasley!"

She punctuated every word with a blow:Ron backed away, shieldinghis head as
Hermione advanced.

"You -- crawl -- back -- here -- after -- weeks -- and -- weeks -- oh, where's my
wand?"

Shelooked as though ready to wrestleit out of Harry's hands and he reacted instinctively.

"Protego!"

Theinvisible shield erupted between Ron and Hermione. Theforce ofit knocked her
backward onto thefloor. Spittinghair out of her mouth, shelept up again.

"Hermione!" said Harry. "Calm --"

"I willnot calm down!" she screamed. Never before had he seen her lose controllike this;
shelooked quite demented. "Giveme back my wand! Give it back to me!"

"Hermione, willyou please --"

"Don't you tellme what do, Harry Potter!" she screeched. "Don't you dare! Give it back
now! And YOU!"

She was pointing at Ronin dire accusation:It was like amalediction, and Harry could not
blame Ronfor retreating several steps.

"I cam running after you! I called you! I begged you to come back"

"I know," Ron said, "Hermione, I'm sorry, I'm really --"

"Oh, you're sorry!"

Shelaughed a high-pitched, out-of-control sound; Ronlooked at Harryfor help, but
Harrymerelygrimaced his helplessness.

"You came back after weeks -- weeks -- and you think it's allgoing to be allrightifyou
just say sorry?"

"Well, what else can I say?" Ron shouted, and Harry was glad that Ron was fighting back.

"Oh, I don't know!"yelled Hermione with awfulsarcasm."Rack your brains, Ron, that
should only take a couple of seconds --"

"Hermione,"interjected Harry, who considered this a low blow, "he just saved my --"


"I don't care!" she screamed. "I don't care whathe's done! Weeks and weeks, we could
have been dead for allhe knew --"

"I knew you weren't dead!" bellowed Ron, drowningher voice for thefirst time, and
approaching as close as he could with the Shield Charm between them."Harry's all over
the Prophet, all over the radio, they're lookingfor you everywhere, allthese rumors and
mental stories, I knew I'd hear straight offifyou were dead, you don't know whatit's
been like --"

"Whatit's been likefor you??

Her voice was not so shrillonly bats would be able to hear it soon, but she had reached a
level ofindignation that rendered her temporarily speechless, and Ron seized his
opportunity.

"I wanted to come back theminute I'd Disapparated, but I walked straightinto a gang of

Snatchers, Hermione, and I couldn't go anywhere!"

"Agang of what?" asked Harry, as Hermione threw herself downinto a chair with her
arms and legs crossed so tightlyit seemed unlikely that she would unravel themfor
severalyears.

"Snatchers," said Ron. "They're everywhere -- gangs trying to earn gold by roundingup
Muggle-borns and blood traitors, there's a reward from the Ministry for everyone
captured. I was on my own and I look like I might be school age; they got reallyexcited,
thought I was a Muggle-born inhiding. I had to talk fast to get out of being dragged to
the Ministry."

"What did you say to them?"

"Told themI was Stan Shunpike. First person I could think of."

"And they believed that?"

"They weren't the brightest. One of themwas definitely part troll, the smell ofhim...."

Ron glanced at Hermione, clearlyhopefulshemight soften at this smallinstance of
humor, but her expression remained stony above her tightly knotted limbs.

"Anyway, theyhad a row about whether I was Stan or not. It was a bit pathetic to be
honest, but there were stillfive of them and only one of me, and they'd taken my wand.
Then two of themgotinto a fight and while the others were distracted I managed to hit
the one holdingmein the stomach, grabbed his wand, Disarmed the bloke holdingmine,
and Disapparated. I didn't do it so well. Splinched myself again" -- Ron held up his right
hand to show two missingfingernails:Hermione raised her eyebrows coldly -- "and I
came outmiles fromwhere you were. By the time I got back to that bit of riverbank
where we'd been ... you were gone."

"Gosh, what a gripping story," Hermione said in theloftyvoice she adopted when
wishing to wound. "Youmusthave been simply terrified. Meanwhile we went to Godric's
Hollow and, let's think, what happened there, Harry? Oh yes, You-Know-Who's snake
turned up, itnearly killed both ofus, and then You-Know-Who himself arrived and

missed us by about a second."

"What?" Ron said, gapingfromher to Harry, but Hermioneignored him.

"Imaginelosingfingernails, Harry! That really puts our sufferingsinto perspective,
doesn't it?"

"Hermione," said Harry quietly, "Ron just saved mylife."

She appeared not to have heard him.

"One thing I would like to know, though,"she said, fixingher eyes on a spot afoot over
Ron's head. "How exactly did youfind us tonight? That's important. Once we know, we'll
be able to make sure we're not visited by anyone else we don't want to see."

Ron glared at her, then pulled a smallsilver object fromhis jeans pocket.

"This."

She had to look at Ron to see what he was showing them.

"The Deluminator?" she asked, so surprised sheforgot to look cold and fierce.

"It doesn't just turn thelights on and off,"said Ron. "I don't know how it works or whyit
happened then and not any other time, because I've been wanting to come back ever
since
I left. But I was listening to the radio really early on Christmas morning and I heard ... I
heard you."

He was looking at Hermione.

"You heard me on the radio?" she asked incredulously.

"No, I heard you coming out ofmy pocket. Your voice,"he held up the Deluminator
again,"came out of this."

"And what exactly did I say?" asked Hermione, her tone somewhere between skepticism
and curiosity.

"Myname. 'Ron.' And you said ... something about a wand...."

Hermione turned a fiery shade of scarlet. Harry remembered:ithad been thefirst time
Won's name had been said aloud by either of them since the day he had left; Hermione
had mentioned it when talking about repairing Harry's wand.

"So I took it out," Ron went on, lookingat the Deluminator, "and it didn't seem different
or anything, but I was sure I'd heard you. So I clicked it. And thelight went outinmy
room, but another light appeared right outside the window."

Ron raised his empty hand and pointed infront of him, his eyes focused on something
neither Harry nor Hermione could see.

"It was a ball oflight, kind of pulsing, and bluish, like thatlightyou get around a Portkey,
you know?"

"Yeah," said Harry and Hermione together automatically.

"I knew this was it," said Ron."I grabbed my stuff and packed it, then I put on my
rucksack and went outinto the garden.

"Thelittle ball oflightwas hovering there, waitingfor me, and when I came outit
bobbed along a bit and I followed it behind the shed and thenit ... well, it wentinside
me."

"Sorry?" said Harry, sure he had not heard correctly.

"It sort of floated toward me," said Ron, illustrating themovement withhisfree index
finger, "right to my chest, and then -- it just went straight through. It was here,"he
touched a point close to his heard, "I couldfeelit, it was hot. And once it was inside me, I
knew what I was supposed to do. I knew itwould take me where I needed to go. So I
Disapparated and came out on the side of a hill. There was snow everywhere...."

"We were there," said Harry. "We spent two nights there, and the second night I kept
thinking I could hear someonemoving around in the dark and calling out!"

"Yeah, well, that would've been me," said Ron."Your protective spells work, anyway,
because I couldn't see you and I couldn'thear you. I was sure you were around, though,
so in the end I gotinmy sleeping bag and waited for one of you to appear. I thought
you'd have to show yourselves whenyou packed up the tent."

"No, actually," said Hermione. "We've been Disapparatingunder the Invisibility Cloak as
an extra precaution. And we left really early, because as Harry says, we'd heard
somebody blundering around."

"Well, I stayed on that hillall day," said Ron."I kept hopingyou'd appear. But when it
started to get dark I knew I must havemissed you, so I clicked the Deluminator again, the
bluelight came out and wentinsideme, and I Disapparated and arrived here in these
woods. I stillcouldn't see you, so I just had to hope one of you would show yourselves in
the end -- and Harry did. Well, I saw the doe first, obviously."

"You saw the what?" said Hermione sharply.

They explained whathad happened and as the story of the silver doe and the sword in the
poolunfolded, Hermionefrowned formone to the other of them, concentrating so hard
sheforgot to keep her limbs locked together.

"Butitmusthave been a Patronus!" she said. "Couldn't you see who was casting it?
Didn't you see anyone? And itled you to the sword! I can't believe this! Then what
happened?"

Ron explained how he had watched Harry jump into the pool, and had waited for himto
resurface; how he had realized that something was wrong, dived in, and saved Harry,
then returned for the sword. He got as far as the opening of thelocket, then hesitated, and
Harry cutin.

"-- and Ron stabbed it with the sword."

"And ... and it went? Justlike that?" she whispered.

"Well,it -- it screamed," said Harry withhalf a glance at Ron."Here."

He threw thelocketinto her lap; gingerly she picked itup and examined its punctured
windows.

Deciding thatit was at last safe to do so, Harry removed the Shield Charm with a wave of
Hermione's wand and turned to Ron.

"Did you just say now that yougot awayfrom the snatchers with a spare wand?"

"What?" said Ron, who had been watching Hermione examining thelocket. "Oh -- oh
yeah."

He tugged open a buckle on his rucksack and pulled a short dark wand out of his pocket.
"Here, I figured it's always handy to have a backup."

"You were right," said Harry, holding outhis hand. "Mine's broken."

"You're kidding?" Ron said, but at that moment Hermione got to her feet, and he looked
apprehensive again.

Hermione put the vanquished Horcruxinto the beaded bag, then climbed back into her
bed and settled down without another word.

Ron passed Harry the new wand.

"About the best you could hopefor, I think,"murmured Harry.

"Yeah," said Ron."Could've been worse. Remember those birds she set on me?"

"I stillhaven't ruled it out," came Hermione's muffled voicefrom beneathher blankets,
but Harry saw Ron smiling slightly as he pulled his maroon pajamas out of his rucksack.

Chapter Twenty
Xenophilius Lovegood

Harry had not expected Hermione's anger to abate over night and was
therefore unsurprised that she communicated mainly by dirtylooks and
pointed silences the nextmorning. Ron responded by maintaining an
unnaturally somber demeanor inher presence as an outward sign of continuing
remorse. In fact, when allthree of themwere together Harry feltlike the
onlynon-mourner at a poorly attended funeral. During those few moments he
spent alone with Harry, however (collectingwater and searching the
undergrowthfor mushrooms). Ron became shamelessly cheery.

"Someone helped us,"he kept saying,"Someone sent that doe, Someone's on
our side, One Horcrux down, mate!"

Bolstered by the destruction of thelocket they set to debating the possible
locations of the other Horcruxes and even though they had discussed the
matter so often before. Harry felt optimistic, certain thatmore
breakthroughs would succeed thefirst. Hermione's sulkiness could notmar
his buoyant spirits; The sudden upswingin theirfortunes, the appearance of
themysterious due, the recovery of Gryffindor's sword, and above all, Ron's
returnmade Harry so happy thatit was quite difficult to maintain a
straightface.

Late in the afternoon he and Ron escaped Hermione's baleful presence again
and under the pretense of scouring the bare hedges for nonexistent
blackberries, they continued their ongoing exchange of news. Harry had
finallymanaged to tellRon the whole story ofhis and Hermione's various
wanderings, rightup to thefullstory of what had happened at Godric's
Hollow; Ron was now filling Harryin on everythinghe had discovered about
the wider Wizarding world duringhis weeks away.


"... and how did you find out about the Taboo?" he asked Harry after
explaining themany desperate attempts of Muggle-borns to evade the
Ministry."

"The what?"

"You and Hermione have stopped saying You-Know-Who's name!"

"Oh, yeah, Well,it's just a bad habit we've slipped into," said Harry."But
I haven't got a problem callinghimV ---"

"NO!" roared Ron, causing Harry to jump into the hedge and Hermione (nose
buried in a book at the tent entrance) to scowl over at them."Sorry," said
Ron, wrenching Harry back out of the brambles, "but the name's been jinxed,
Harry, that's how they track people! Usinghisname breaks protective
enchantments, it causes some kind ofmagical disturbance --- it's how they
found us in Tottenham Court Road!"

"Because we used his *name*?"

"Exactly! You've got to give them credit,itmakes sense. It was only people
who were serious about standingup to him,like Dumbledore, who even dared
useit. Now they've put a Taboo on it, anyone who says itis trackable ---
quick-and-easy way to find Order members! They nearlygot Kingsley ---"

"You're kidding?"

"Yeah, a bunch of Death Eaters cornered him, Billsaid buthefoughthis way
out. He's on the runnow justlike us." Ron scratched his chin
thoughtfully with
the end of his wand. "You don't reckon Kingsley could have sent that doe?"

"His Patronus is alynx, we saw it at the wedding, remember?"

"Oh yeah..."

Theymoved farther along the hedge, away from the tent and Hermione.

"Harry... you don't reckon it could've been Dumbledore?"

"Dumbledore what?"

Ronlooked a little embarrassed, but said in a low voice, "Dumbledore ... the
doe? I mean," Ron was watching Harry out of the corners of his eyes, "he had
the real sword last, didn't he?


Harry did notlaugh at Ron, because he understood too wellthelonging
behind the question. Theidea that Dumbledore had managed to come back to
them, that he was watching over them, would haveinexpressibly comforting.
He shook his head.

"Dumbledore's dead,"he said. "I saw it happen, I saw the body. He's
definitelygone. Anyway his Patronus was a phoenix, not a doe"

"Patronuses can change, though can't they?" said Ron, "Tonks's changed
didn'tit?"

Yeah, butifDumbledore was alive, why wouldn't he show himself? Why
wouldn't he justhand us the sword?

"Searchme," said Ron. "Same reason he didn't giveit to you whilehe was
alive? Same reason heleftyou an old Snitch and Hermione a book of kid's
stories?"

"Whichis what?" asked Harry, turning to look Ronfullin theface desperate
for the answer.

"I dunno," said Ron. "Sometimes I've thought, when I've been a bithacked
off, he was having alaugh or --- or he just wanted to make itmore
difficult, But I don't think so, not anymore. He knew what he was doing when
he gaveme the Deluminator, didn't he? He -- well,"Ron's ears turned bright
red and he became engrossed in a tuft ofgrass at hisfeet, which he prodded
withhis toe, "hemust've known I'd run out on you."

"No," Harry corrected him."Hemust've known you'd always want to come
back."

Ronlooked grateful, but stillawkward. Partly to change the subject, Harry
said, "Speaking of Dumbledore, have youheard what Skeeter wrote about him?"

"Oh yeah," said Ron at once, "people are talking aboutit quite alot.
'Course, if things were differentit'd be huge news, Dumbledore being pals
with Grindelwald, but now it's just something to laugh aboutfor people who
didn'tlike Dumbledore, and a bit of a slap in theface for everyone who
thoughthe was such a good bloke. I don't know thatit's such a big deal,
though. He was reallyyoung when they --"

"Our age," said Harry, just as he had retorted to Hermione, and somethingin
hisface seemed to decide Ron against pursuing the subject.

A large spider satin themiddle of a frosted web in the brambles. Harry
took aim atit with the wand Ron had given himthe previous night, which
Hermione had since condescended to examine, and had decided was made of
blackthorn.

"*Engorgio*"

"The spider gave alittle shiver, bouncing slightlyin the web. Harry tried
again. This time the spider grew slightlylarger.

"Stop that," said Ron sharply," I'm sorry I said Dumbledore was young,
okay?"

Harry had forgotten Ron's hatred of spiders.

"Sorry --- *Reducio*"

The spider did not shrink. Harrylooked down at the blackthorn wand. Every
minor spellhe had cast withit so far that day had seemed less powerful
than those he had produced withhis phoenix wand. The new onefelt

intrusivelyunfamiliar, like having somebody else's hand sewn to the end of
his arm.

"You just need to practice," said Hermione, who had approached them
noiselesslyfrom behind and had stood watching anxiously as Harry tried to
enlarge and reduce the spider. "It's alla matter of confidence Harry."

He knew why she wanted it to be allright; She stillfeltguilty about
breakinghis wand. He bit back the retort that sprung to hislips, that she
could take the blackthorn wand if she thoughtitmade no difference, and he
would have hers instead. Keen for themallto be friends again, however, he
agreed; but when Ron gave Hermione a tentative smile, she stalked off and
vanished behind her book once more.

Allthree of themreturned to the tent when darkness fell, and Harry took
first watch. Sittingin the entrance, he tried to make the blackthorn wand
levitate smallstones at his feet; but hismagic stillseemed clumsier and
less powerfulthanithad done before. Hermione was lying on her bunk
reading, whileRon, after manynervous glances up at her, had taken a small
wooden wireless out ofhis rucksack and started to try to tuneit.

"There's this one program,"he told Harryin a low voice, "that tells the
news likeit reallyis. Allthe others are on You-Know-Who's side and are
following the Ministry line, but this one ... you wait tillyou hear it, it's
great. Only they can't do it everynight, they have to keep changing
locations in case they're raided and you need a password to tunein ...
Troubleis, I missed thelast one..."


He drummed lightly on the top of the radio withhis wand muttering random
words under his breath. He threw Hermionemany covert glances, plainly
fearing an angry outburst, butfor allthe notice she took of himhemight
not have been there. For ten minutes or so Ron tapped and muttered, Hermione
turned the pages of her book, and Harry continued to practice with the
blackthorn wand.

Finally Hermione climbed downfromher bunk. Ron ceased his tapping at once.

"Ifit's annoyingyou, I'llstop!"he told Hermione nervously.

Hermione did not deign to respond, but approached Harry.

"We need to talk," she said.

He looked at the book stillclutched inher hand. It was * The Life and Lies
of Albus Dumbledore.*

"What?"he said apprehensively. Itflew throughhis mind that there was a
chapter on himin there; he was not sure hefeltup to hearing Rita's
version of his relationship with Dumbledore. Hermione's answer however, was
completelyunexpected.

"I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood."

He stared at her.

"Sorry?"

"Xenophilius Lovegood, Luna's father. I want to go and talk to him!"
"er ­ why?"
She took a deep breath, as though bracingherself, and said, "It's thatmark, the
mark in Beedle the Bard. Look at this!"
She thrust The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore under Harry's unwilling eyes
and saw a photograph of the originalletter that Dumbledore had written Grindelwald,
with Dumbledore's familiar thin, slantinghandwriting. He hated seeing absolute proof
that Dumbledore reallyhad written those words, that they had not been Rita's invention.
"The signature," said Hermione. "Look at the signature, Harry!"
He obeyed. For a momenthe had no idea what she was talking about, but, looking
more closely with the aid ofhislit wand, he saw that Dumbledore had replaced the A of
Albus with a tinyversion of the same triangular mark inscribed upon The Tales of Beedle
the Bard.
"Er ­ what are you -- ?" said Ron tentatively, but Hermione quelled himwith a

look and turned back to Harry.
"It keeps croppingup, doesn'tit?" she said. "I know Viktor said it was
Grindelwald's mark, butit was definitely on that old gravein Godric's Hollow, and the
dates on the headstone werelong before Grindelwald came along! And now this! Well,
we can't ask Dumbledore or Grindelwald whatitmeans ­ I don't even know whether
Grindelwald's stillalive ­ but we can ask Mr. Lovegood. He was wearing the symbol at
the wedding. I'm sure thisisimportant, Harry!"
Harry did not answer immediately. He looked into her intense, eager face and
then outinto the surrounding darkness, thinking. After a long pause he said, "Hermione,
we don't need another Godric's Hollow. We talked ourselves into going there, and ­"
"Butit keeps appearing, Harry! Dumbledore leftme The Tales of Beedle the Bard,
how do you know we're not supposed to find out about the sign?"
"Here we go again!"Harryfelt slightly exasperated. "We keep trying to convince
ourselves Dumbledore leftus secret signs and clues ­"
"The Deluminator turned out to be prettyuseful," piped up Ron. "I think
Hermione's right, I think we ought to go and see Lovegood."
Harry threw him a dark look. He was quite sure that Ron's support of Hermione
had little to do with a desire to know themeaning of the triangular rune.
"It won't belike Godric's Hollow," Ron added, "Lovegood's on your side, Harry,
The Quibbler's beenfor you all along, it keeps telling everyone they've got to help you!"
"I'm sure thisisimportant!" said Hermione earnestly.
"But don't you think ifitwas, Dumbledore would have told me aboutit before he
died?"
"Maybe . . . maybe it's somethingyou need to find outfor yourself," said
Hermione with a faint air of clutching at straws.
"Yeah," said Ron sycophantically,"that makes sense."
"No, it doesn't," snapped Hermione, "but I stillthink we ought to talk to Mr.
Lovegood. A symbol thatlinks Dumbledore, Grindelwald, and Godric's Hollow? Harry,
I'm sure we ought to know about this!"
"I think we should vote on it," said Ron. "Thoseinfavor ofgoing to see Love
good ­"
His hand flewinto the air before Hermione's. Her lips quivered suspiciously as
she raised her own.
"Outvoted, Harry, sorry," said Ron, clappinghimon the back.
"Fine," said Harry, half amused, halfirritated. "Only, once we've seen Lovegood,
let's try and look for somemore Horcruxes, shallwe? Where do the Lovegood's live,

anyway? Do either ofyou know?
"Yeah, they're notfar frommy place," said Ron. "I dunno exactly where, but
Mum and Dad always point toward the hills whenever theymention them. Shouldn't be
hard to find."
When Hermione had returned to her bunk, Harrylowered his voice.
"You only agreed to try and get back inher good books."
"All's fairinlove and war," said Ron brightly, "and thisis a bit of both. Cheer up,
it's the Christmas holidays, Luna'll be home!"
Theyhad an excellentview of the village of Ottery St. Catchopolefrom the
breezyhillside to which they Disapparated nextmorning. From theirhighvantage point
the villagelooked like a collection of toy houses in the great slanting shafts of sunlight
stretching to earthin the breaks between clouds. They stood for a minute or two looking
toward the Burrow, their hands shadowing their eyes, but allthey could make out were
the highhedges and trees of the orchard, which afforded the crooked little house
protectionfrom Muggle eyes.
"It's weird, being this near, but not going to visit," said Ron.
"Well,it's notlike you haven't just seen them. You were there for Christmas,"
said Hermione coldly.
"I wasn't at the Burrow!" said Ron with an incredulous laugh. "Do you think I
was going to go back there and tellthemallI'd walked out on you? Yeah, Fred and
George would've been great aboutit. And Ginny, she'd have been reallyunderstanding."
"But where have you been, then?" asked Hermione, surprised.
"Billand Fleur's new place. Shellcottage. Bill's always been decent to me. He ­
he wasn'timpressed when he heard what I'd done, but he didn't go on aboutit. He knew
I was really sorry. None of the rest of the family know I was there. Billtold Mumhe and
Fleur weren't goinghomefor Christmas because they wanted to spend it alone. You
know, firstholiday after they were married. I don't think Fleur minded. You know how
much she hates Celestina Warbeck."
Ron turned his back on the Burrow.
"Let's try up here,"he said, leading the way over the top of the hill.
They walked for a few hours, Harry, at Hermione's insistence, hidden beneath the
Invisibility Cloak. The cluster oflow hills appeared to be uninhabited apartfrom one
small cottage, which seemed deserted.
"Do you think it's theirs, and they've gone away for Christmas?" said Hermione,
peering through the window at a neat little kitchen withgeraniums on the windowsill.
Ron snorted.

"Listen, I've got afeelingyou'd be able to tellwho lived there ifyoulooked
through the Lovegoods' window. Let's try the nextlot ofhills."
So they Disapparated a few miles farther north.
"Aha!" shouted Ron, as the wind whipped their hair and clothes. Ron was
pointingupward, toward the top of the hillon which they had appeared, where a most
strange-lookinghouse rose vertically against the sky, a great black cylinder with a
ghostlymoon hanging behind itin the afternoon sky. "That's got to be Luna's house,
who else would livein a placelike that? Itlooks like a giant rook!"
"It's nothinglike a bird," said Hermione, frowning at the tower.
"I was talking about a chess rook," said Ron. "A castle to you."
Ron's legs were thelongest and he reached the top of the hillfirst. When Harry
and Hermione caughtup withhim, panting and clutching stitches in their sides, they
found himgrinning broadly.
"It's theirs," said Ron. "Look."
Three hand-painted signs had been tacked to a broke-down gate. Thefirst read,
 THE QUIBBLER. EDITOR, X. LOVEGOOD

the second,
  PICK YOUR OWN MISTLETOE

the third,
  KEEP OFF THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMS


The gate creaked as they opened it. The zigzagging pathleading to thefront door
was overgrown with a variety of odd plants, including a bush covered in orange
radishlikefruit Luna sometimes wore as earrings. Harry thoughthe recognized a
Snargaluff and gave the wizened stump a wide berth. Two aged crab apple trees, bent
with the wind, stripped of leaves but stillheavy with berry-sized red fruits and bushy
crowns of white beaded mistletoe, stood sentinel on either side of thefront door. A little
owlwith a slightlyflattened hawklike head peered down at themfrom one of the
branches.
"You'd better take off the Invisibility Cloak, Harry," said Hermione. "It's you Mr.
Lovegood wants to help, not us."
He did as she suggested, handingher the Cloak to stow in the beaded bag. She
then rapped three times on the thick black door, which was studded withironnails and

bore a knocker shaped like an eagle.
Barely ten seconds passed, then the door was flung open and there stood
Xenophilius Lovegood, barefoot and wearing what appeared to be a stained
nightshirt. His long white candyfloss hair was dirty and unkempt. Xenophilius
had been positively dapper at Billand Fleur's wedding by comparison.
   "What? Whatis it? Who are you? What do you want?"he cried in a
high-pitched, querulous voice, lookingfirst at Hermione, then at Ron, and
finally at Harry, upon whichhismouthfellopenin a perfect, comical O.
   "Hello, Mr. Lovegood," said Harry, holding out his hand, "I'mHarry,
Harry Potter."
   Xenophilius did not take Harry's hand, although the eye that was not
pointinginward at his nose slid straight to the scar on Harry's forehead.
   "Would it be okay ifwe camein?" asked Harry."There's something we'd
like to ask you."
   "I . . . I'mnot sure that's advisable," whispered Xenophilius, He
swallowed and cast a quick look around the garden."Rather a shock . . . My
word . . . I . . . I'm afraid I don't really think I ought to ---"
   "It wont take long" said Harry, slightlydisappointed by this
less-than-warmwelcome.
   "I --- oh, allright then. Come in, quickly, Quickly!"
   They were barely over the threshold when Xenophilius slammed the door
shut behind them, They were standingin themost peculiar kitchen Harry had
ever seen. The roomwas perfectly circular, so that hefeltlike being
inside a giant pepper pot. Everything was curved to fit the walls - the
stove, the sink, and the cupboards - and all ofithad been painted with
flowers, insects, and birds in bright primary colors. Harry thoughthe
recognized Luna's styles. The effectin such and enclosed space, was
slightly overwhelming.
   In themiddle of thefloor, a wrought-iron spiral staircase ld to the
upper levels. There was a great deal of clattering and banging comingfrom
overhead:Harry wondered what Luna could be doing.
   "You'd better come up." said Xenophilius, stilllooking extremely
uncomfortable, and heled the way.
   The room above seemed to be a combination ofliving room and workplace,
and as such, was even more cluttered than the kitchen. Thoughmuch smaller
and entirely round, the room somewhat resembled the Room of Requirement on

the unforgettable occasion thatithad transformed itselfinto a gigantic
labyrinth comprised of centuries ofhidden objects. There were piles upon
piles of books and papers on every surface. Delicatelymade models of
creatures Harry did not recognize, allflapping wings or snapping jaws, hung
fromthe ceiling.
   Luna was not there:The thing that was making such a racket was a wooden
object covered inmagically turning cogs and wheels, Itlooked like the
bizarre offspring of a workbench and a set of shelves, but after amoment
Harry deduced thatit was an old-fashioned printing press, due to thefact
thatit was churning out Quibblers.
   "Excuseme," said Xenophilius, and he strode over to themachine, seized
grubbily tablecloth from beneath animmense number of books and papers,
which alltumbled onto thefloor, and threw it over the press, somewhat
muffling theloud bangs and clatters. He then faced Harry.
   "Whyhave you come here?"
Before Harry could speak, however, Hermionelet out a small cry of shock.
   "Mr. Lovegood - what's that?"
   See was pointing at an enormous, gray spiralhorn, not unlike that of a
unicorn, whichhad been mounted on the wall, protruding severalfeetinto
the room.
   "Itis the horn of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack," said Xenophilius.
   "No itisn't!" said Hermione.
   "Hermione,"muttered Harry, embarrassed, "now's not themoment -"
   "But Harry, it's an Erumpent horn! It's a Class B Tradeable Material and
it's an extraordinary dangerous thing to have in a house!"
   "How'd you know it's an Erumpenthorn?" asked Ron, edging away from the
horn as fast as he could, given the extreme clutter of the room.
   "There's a descriptionin Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them! Mr.
Lovegood, you need to get rid ofit straightaway, don't you know it can
explode at the slightest touch?"
   "The Crumple Horned Snorkack" said Xenophiliusvery clearly, a mulish
look upon his face, "is a shy and highlymagical creature, and it's horn -"
   "Mr. Lovegood. I recognize the grooved markings around the base, that's
an Erumpenthorn and it's incredibly dangerous - I don't know where you got
it-"
   "I boughtit," said Xenophilius dogmatically."Two weeks ago, from a

delightfulyoung wizard who knew myinterestin the exquisite Snorkack. A
Christmas surprisefor my Luna. Now," he said, turning to Harry,"why
exactlyhave you come here, Mr. Potter?"
   "We need some help," said Harry, before Hermione could start again.
   "Ah," said Xenophilius,"Help, Hmm."
   His good eye moved again to Harry's scar. He seemed simultaneously
terrified and mesmerized.
   "Yes. The thingis ... helping Harry Potter ... rather dangerous..."
   "Aren't you the one who keeps tellingeveryoneit's their first duty to
help Harry?" said Ron."In thatmagazine ofyours?"
   Xenophilius glanced behind him at the concealed printing press, still
banging and clattering beneath the tablecloth.
   "Er - yes, I have expressed that view. however -"
   "That's for everyone else to do, not you personally?" said Ron.
   Xenophilius did not answer. He kept swallowing, his eyes darting between
the three of them. Harry had theimpression that he was undergoing some
painfulinternal struggle.
   "Where's Luna?" asked Hermione. "Let's see what she thinks."
   Xenophilius gulped. He seemed to be steelinghimself. Finallyhe said in
a shaky voice difficult to hear over the noise of the printing press, "Luna
is down at the stream, fishingfor Freshwater Plimpies. She...she willlike
to see you. I'llgo and callher and then - yes, very well. I shalltry to
help you."
   He disappeared down the spiral staircase and they heard thefront open
and close. Theylooked at each other.
   "Cowardly old wart," said Ron. "Luna's got ten times his guts."
   "He's probably worried about what'llhappen to themif the Death Eaters
find out I was here" said Harry.
   "Well, I agree with Ron," said Hermione, "Awfulold hypocrite, telling
everyone else to help you and trying to worm our ofithimself. And for
heaven's sake keep away fromthat horn."
   Harry crossed to the window on thefar side of the room. He could see a
stream, a thin, glittering ribbonlyingfar below them at the base of the
hill. They were veryhighup; a bird fluttered past the window as he stared
inthe direction of the Burrow, now invisible beyond another line of hills.
Ginny was over there somewhere. They were closer to each other today than

they had been since Billand Fleur's wedding, but she could have no idea he
was gazing toward her now, thinking of her. He suppose he ought to be glad
ofit; anyone he cameinto contact with was in danger, Xenophilius's attitude
proved that.
   he turned awayfrom the windows and hisgazefellupon another peculiar
object standingupon the cluttered, curved slide board; a stone but of a
beautifulbut austere-looking witch wearing a most bizarre-looking
headdress. Two objects that resembled golden ear trumpets curved outfrom
the sides. A tiny pair of glittering blue wing was stuck to a leather strap
that ran over the top of her head, while one of the orange radishes had been
stuck to a second strap around her forehead.
   "Look at this," said Harry.
   "Fetching," said Ron."Surprised he didn't hear that to the wedding."
   Theyheard thefront door close, and a momentlater Xenophilius climbed
back up the spiralstaircase into the room, his thinlegs now encase in
Wellington boots, bearing a tray ofill-assorted teacups and a steaming
teapot.
   "Ah, you have spotted my petinvention,"he said, shoving the trayinto
Hermione's arms and joining Harry at the statue's side.
"Modeled, fittingly enough, upon the head of the beautifulRowens Ravenclaw,
'Wit beyond measure is a man's greatest treasure!'"
   Heindicated the objects like ear trumpets.
   "These are the Wrackpurt siphons - to remove allsources of distraction
fromthe thinker's immediate area. Here, "he pointed out the tiny wings,"a
billywig propeller, to induce an elevated frame ofmind. Finally,"he
pointed to the orange radish,"the dirigible Plum, so as to enhance the
ability to accept the extraordinary."
   Xenophilius strode back to the tea tray, which Hermione had managed to
balance precariously on one of the cluttered side tables.
   "May I offer you all aninfusion of Gurdyroots?" said Xenophilius. "We
make it ourselves." As he started to pour out the drink, which was as deeply
purple as beetroot juice, he added, "Luna is down beyond Bottom Bridge, she
ismost excited that you are here She oughtnot to be too long, she has
caughtnearly enough Plumpies to make soup for all ofus. Do sit down and
help yourselves to sugar.
   "Now,"he remove a tottering pile of papers from an armchair and sat

down, his Wellingtoned legs crossed, "how may I help you, Mr. Potter?"
    "Well,"said Harry, glancing at Hermione, who nodded encouragingly,
"it's about that symbolyou were wearing around your neck at Billand
Fleur's wedding, Mr. Lovegood. We wondered whatitmeant."
    Xenophilius raised his eyebrows.
    "Are you referring to the sign of the Deathly Hallows?"




Chapter Twenty-One
The Tale of the Three Brothers

Harry turned to look at Ron and Hermione. Neither of them seemed to have
understood what Xenophilius had said either.
"The Deathly Hallows?"
"That's right," said Xenophilius."You haven't heard of them? I'mnot surprised.
Very, veryfew wizards believe. Witness that knuckle-headed youngman at your
brother's wedding,"he nodded at Ron,"who attacked mefor sporting the symbolof a
well-known Dark wizard! Such ignorance. There is nothing Dark about the Hallows ­ at
least notin that crude sense. One simply uses the symbol to reveal oneselfto other
believers, in the hope that they mighthelp one with the Quest."
He stirred severallumps of sugar into his Gurdyroot infusion and drank some.
"I'm sorry," said Harry, "I stilldon't reallyunderstand."
To be polite, he took a sip fromhis cup too, and almost gagged:The stuff was
quite disgusting, as though someone had liquidized bogey-flavored Every Flavor Beans.
"Well, you see, believers seek the Deathly Hallows," said Xenophilius, smacking
hislips in apparent appreciation of the Gurdyrootinfusion.
"But what are the Deathly Hallows?" asked Hermione.
Xenophilius set aside his empty teacup.
"I assume that you are familiar with 'The Tale of the Three Brothers'?"
Harry said, "No," but Ron and Hermione both said, "Yes." Xenophilius nodded

gravely.
"Well, well, Mr. Potter, the whole thing starts with 'The Tale of the Three
Brothers' . . . I have a copy somewhere . . ."
He glanced vaguely around the room, at the piles of parchment and books, but
Hermione said, "I've got a copy, Mr. Lovegood, I've gotit righthere."
And she pulled out The Tales of Beedle the Bard from the small, beaded bag.
"The original?"inquired Xenophilius sharply, and when she nodded, he said,
"Wellthen, why don't you read it out aloud? Much the best way to make sure we all
understand."
"Er. . . allright," said Hermione nervously. She opened the book, and Harry saw
that the symbolthey wereinvestigatingheaded the top of the page as she gave alittle
cough, and began to read.
"'There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road
at twilight ­'"
"Midnight, our mumalways told us," said Ron, who had stretched out, arms
behind his head, to listen. Hermione shothim alook of annoyance.
"Sorry, I just think it's a bit spookier ifit's midnight!" said Ron.
"Yeah, because we reallyneed a bitmore fear in our lives," said Harry before he
could stop himself. Xenophilius did not seem to be payingmuch attention, but was
staring out of the window at the sky. "Go on, Hermione."
"In time, the brothers reached a river too deep to wade through and too
dangerous to swim across. However, these brothers were learned in the magical
arts, and
so they simply waved their wands and made a bridge appear across the treacherous
water. They were halfway across it when they found their path blocked by a hooded
figure.
"'And Death spoke to them ­'"
"Sorry,"interjected Harry, "but Death spoke to them?"
"It's a fairy tale, Harry!"
"Right, sorry. Go on."
"'And Death spoke to them. He was angry that he had been cheated out of the
three new victims, for travelers usually drowned in the river. But Death was
cunning. He
pretended to congratulate the three brothers upon their magic, and said that each
had
earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade him.

"'So the oldest brother, who was a combative man, asked for a wand more
powerful than any in existence: a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a
wand
worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death! So Death crossed to an elder tree on
the
banks of the river, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave it to
the
oldest brother.
"'Then the second brother, who was an arrogant man, decided that he wanted to
humiliate Death still further, and asked for the power to recall others from Death.
So
Death picked up a stone from the riverbank and gave it to the second brother, and
told
him that the stone would have the power to bring back the dead.
"'And then Death asked the third and youngest brother what he would like. The
youngest brother was the humblest and also the wisest of the brothers, and he did
not
trust Death. So he asked for something that would enable him to go forth from that
place
without being followed by Death. And Death, most unwillingly, handed over his own
Cloak of Invisibility.'"
"Death's got an Invisibility Cloak?" Harryinterrupted again.
"So he can sneak up on people," said Ron. "Sometimes he gets bored of runningat
them, flappinghis arms and shrieking . . . sorry, Hermione."
"'Then Death stood aside and allowed the three brothers to continue on their way,
and they did so talking with wonder of the adventure they had had and admiring
Death's
gifts.
"'In due course the brothers separated, each for his own destination.
"'The first brother traveled on for a week more, and reaching a distant village,
sought out a fellow wizard with whom he had a quarrel. Naturally, with the Elder
Wand
as his weapon, he could not fail to win the duel that followed. Leaving his enemy
dead
upon the floor the oldest brother proceeded to an inn, where he boasted loudly of
the

powerful wand he had snatched from Death himself, and of how it made him
invincible.
"'That very night, another wizard crept upon the oldest brother as he lay, wine-
sodden upon his bed. The thief took the wand and for good measure, slit the oldest
brother's throat.
"'And so Death took the first brother for his own.
"'Meanwhile, the second brother journeyed to his own home, where he lived alone.
Here he took out the stone that had the power to recall the dead, and turned it
thrice in
his hand. To his amazement and his delight, the figure of the girl he had once hoped
to
marry, before her untimely death, appeared at once before him.
"'Yet she was sad and cold, separated from him as by a veil. Though she had
returned to the mortal world, she did not truly belong there and suffered. Finally
the
second brother, driven mad with hopeless longing, killed himself so as to truly join
her.
"'And so Death took the second brother from his own.
"'But though Death searched for the third brother for many years, he was never
able to find him. It was only when he had attained a great age that the youngest
brother
finally took off the Cloak of Invisibility and gave it to his son. And the he greeted
Death
as an old friend, and went with him gladly, and, equals, they departed this life.'"
Hermione closed the book. It was a moment or two before Xenophilius seemed to
realize that she had stopped reading; thenhe withdrew his gazefrom the window and
said:"Well, there you are."
"Sorry?" said Hermione, sounding confused.
"Those are the Deathly Hallows," said Xenophilius.
He picked up a quillfrom a packed table at his elbow, and pulled a torn piece of
parchmentfrom betweenmore books.
"The Elder Wand,"he said, and drew a straightverticallineupon the parchment.
"The Resurrection Stone,"he said, and added a circle on top of theline. "The Cloak of
Invisibility,"hefinished, enclosing bothline and circlein a triangle, to make the symbols
that so intrigued Hermione. "Together,"he said, "the Deathly Hallows."
"But there's no mention of the words 'Deathly Hallows' in the story," said

Hermione.
"Well, of course not," said Xenophilius, maddeningly smug."Thatis a children's
tale, told to amuse rather than to instruct. Those of us who understand thesematters,
however, recognize that the ancient story refers to three objects, or Hallows, which, if
united, willmake the possessor master ofDeath."
There was a short silence in which Xenophilius glanced out of the window.
Already the sun was low in the sky.
"Luna ought to have enough Plimpies soon,"he said quietly.
"When you say 'master of Death' ­"said Ron.
"Master," said Xenophilius, waving an airy hand. "Conqueror. Vanquisher.
Whichever termyou prefer."
"But then . . . do youmean . . ." said Hermione slowly, and Harry could tellthat
she was trying to keep any trace of skepticism out of her voice, "that you believe these
objects ­ these Hallows ­ really exist?"
Xenophilius raised his eyebrows again.
"Well, of course."
"But," said Hermione, and Harry could hear her restraint starting to crack, "Mr.
Lovegood, how can you possibly believe ­ ?"
"Luna has told me allabout you, younglady," said Xenophilius."You are, I
gather, not unintelligent, but painfullylimited. Narrow. Close-minded."
"Perhaps you ought to try on the hat, Hermione," said Ron, nodding toward the
ludicrous headdress. His voice shook with the strain of notlaughing.
"Mr. Lovegood," Hermione began again,"We all know that there are such things
as Invisibility Cloaks. They are rare, but they exist. But ­"
"Ah, but the Third Hallowis a true Cloak of Invisibility, Miss Granger! I mean to
say, itis not a traveling cloak imbued with a Disillusionment Charm, or carrying a
Bedazzling Hex, or else wovenfromDemiguise hair, which willhide one initiallybut
fade with the years untilit turns opaque. We are talking about a cloak that reallyand truly
renders the wearer completelyinvisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and
impenetrable concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it. How many cloaks have
you ever seen like that, Miss Granger?"
Hermione opened her mouth to answer, then closed it again, lookingmore
confused than ever. She, Harry and Ronglanced at one another, and Harry knew that
they
were allthinking the same thing. It so happened that a cloak exactlylike the one
Xenophiliushad just described was in the room with them at that very moment.

"Exactly," said Xenophilius, as ifhe had defeated them allin reasoned argument.
"None of you have ever seen such a thing. The possessor would be immeasurably rich,
would he not?"
He glanced out of the window again. The sky was now tinged with thefaintest
trace of pink.
"Allright," said Hermione, disconcerted. "Say the Cloak existed. . . what about
that stone, Mr. Lovegood? The thingyou callthe Resurrection Stone?"
"What ofit?"
"Well, how can that be real?"
"Prove thatis not," said Xenophilius.
Hermionelooked outraged.
"But that's ­ I'm sorry, but that's completely ridiculous! How can I possibly prove
it doesn't exist? Do you expectme to gethold of ­ of allthe pebbles in the world and test
them? I mean, you could claimthat anything's realif the only basis for believinginitis
thatnobody's proved it doesn't exist!"
"Yes, you could," said Xenophilius. "I amglad to see thatyou are openingyour
mind alittle."
"So the Elder Wand," said Harry quickly, before Hermione could retort, "you
think that exists too?"
"Oh, well,in that case there is endless evidence," said Xenophilius."The Elder
Wand is the Hallow thatis most easily traced, because of the way in whichit passes from
hand to hand."
"Whichis what?" asked Harry.
"Whichis that the possessor of the wand must capture itfromits previous owner,
ifheis to be trulymaster ofit," said Xenophilius. "Surelyyou have heard of the way the
wand came to Egbert the Egregious, after his slaughter of Emeric the Evil? Of how
Godelot died inhis own cellar after his son, Hereward, took the wand fromhim? Of the
dreadfulLoxias, who took the wand fromBaraabas Deverill, whomhe had killed? The
bloody trail of the Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizardinghistory."
Harry glanced at Hermione. She was frowning at Xenophilius, but she did not
contradict him.
"So where do you think the Elder Wand isnow?" asked Ron.
"Alas, who knows?" said Xenophilius, as he gazed out of the window. "Who
knows where the Elder Wand lies hidden? The trailgoes cold with Arcus and Livius.
Who can say which of themreally defeated Loxias, and which took the wand? And who
can say who may have defeated them? History, alas, does not tellus."

There was a pause. Finally Hermione asked stiffly,"Mr. Lovegood, does the
Peverellfamilyhave anything to do with the Deathly Hallows?"
Xenophiliuslooked taken aback as something shifted in Harry's memory, buthe
could notlocate it. Peverell. . . he had heard thatname before. . .
"Butyouhave been misleadingme, young woman!" said Xenophilius, now sitting
up much straighter inhis chair and goggling at Hermione. "I thoughtyou were new to the
Hallows Quest! Many of us Questers believe that the Peverells have everything ­
everything! ­ to do withthe Hallows!"
"Who are the Peverells?" asked Ron.
"That was the name on the grave with the mark onit, in Godric's Hollow," said
Hermione, stillwatching Xenophilius."Ignotus Peverell."
"Exactly!"said Xenophilius, hisforefinger raised pedantically."The sign of the
Death Hallows on Ignotus's graveis conclusive proof!"
"Of what?" asked Ron.
"Why, that the three brothers in the story were actuallythe three Peverellbrothers,
Antioch, Cadmus and Ignotus! That they were the original owners of the Hallows!"
With another glance at the window he got to hisfeet, picked up the tray, and
headed for the spiral staircase.
"You willstayfor dinner?"he called, as he vanished downstairs again.
"Everybody always requests our recipe for Freshwater Plimply soup."
"Probably to show the Poisoning Department at St. Mungo's," said Ron under his
breath.
Harry waited untilthey could hear Xenophilius moving aboutin the kitchen
downstairs before speaking.
"What do you think?"he asked Hermione.
"Oh, Harry," she said wearily,"it's a pile of utter rubbish. This can't be what the
sign reallymeans. This must just be his weird take on it. What a waste of time."
"I s'pose this is theman who broughtus Crumple-Horned Snorkacks," said Ron.
"You didn't believeit either?" Harry asked him.
"Nah, that story's just one of those thingsyou tellkids to teach themlessons, isn't
it? 'Don't go lookingfor trouble, don't go pick fights, don't go messing around with stuff
that's best left alone! Just keep your head down, mind your own business, and you'll be
okay. Come to think ofit," Ron added, "maybe that story's why elder wands are
supposed
to be unlucky."
"What are you talking about?"

"One of those superstitions, isn'tit? 'May-born witches willmarry Muggles.' 'Jinx
by twilight, undone by midnight.' 'Wand of cider, never prosper.' You musthave heard
them. Mymum's fullof them."
"Harry and I were raised by Muggles,"Hermione reminded him."We were taught
different superstitions." She sighed deeply as a rather pungent smell drifted up fromthe
kitchen. The one good thing about her exasperation with Xenophilius was thatit seemed
to havemade her forget that she was annoyed at Ron. "I think you're right," she told him.
"It's just amorality tale, it's obvious whichgiftis best, which one you'd choose ­"
The three of themspoke at the same time:Hermione said, "the Cloak," Ron said,
"the wand," and Harry said, "the stone."
Theylooked at each other, half surprised, half amused.
"You're supposed to say the Cloak," Ron told Hermione, "butyou wouldn't need
to be invisibleifyou had the wand. An unbeatable wand, Hermione, come on!"

"We've already got an Invisibility Cloak,"said Harry,"And it's helped us rather alot, in
case you hadn't noticed!" said Hermione. "Whereas the wand would be bound to attract
trouble--"
"Onlyifyou shouted aboutit," argued Ron. "Onlyifyou were prat enough to go dancing
around wavingit over your head, and singing, 'I've got an unbeatable want, come and
have a go ifyou think you're hard enough.' As long as you kept your trap shut --"
-Yes, but could you keep your trap shut?" said Hermione, looking skeptical."You know
the only true thinghe said to us was that there have been stories about extra-powerful
wands for hundreds of years."
"There have?" asked Harry.
Hermionelooked exasperated:The expression was so endearinglyfamiliar that Harry and
Ron grinned at each other.
"The Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, they crop up under different names through the
centuries, usuallyin the possession of some Dark wizard who's boasting about them.
Professor Binnsmentioned some of them, but -- oh it's allnonsense. Wands are only as
powerfulas the wizards who use them. Some wizards justlike to boast that theirs are
bigger and better than other people's"
"Buthow do you know," said Harry,"that those wants -- the Deathstick, and the Wand
of
Destiny -- aren't the same want, surfacing over the centuries under differentnames?"
"Whatif they're allreally the Elder Wand, made by Death?" said Ron.
Harrylaughed:The strangeidea that had occurred to himwas after all, ridiculous. His

wand, he reminded himself, had been of holly, not elder, and ithad been made by
Ollivander, whatever ithad done that nightVoldemort had pursued him across the skies
and ifithad been unbeatable, how couldit have been broken?
"So why would you take the stone?" Ron asked him.
"Well,ifyou could bring people back, we could have Sirius...Mad-
Eye...Dumbledore...my parents..."
Neither Ron nor Hermione smiled.
"But according to Beedle the Bard, they wouldn't want to come back, would they?" said
Harry, thinking about the tailthey had just heard. "I don't suppose there have been loads
of other stories about a stone that can raise the dead, have there?:he asked Hermione.
"No," she replied sadly."I don't think anyone except Mr. Lovegood could kid themselves
that's possible. Beedle probably took the idea from the Sorcerer's Stone; you know,
instead of a stone to make youimmortal, a stone to reverse death."
The smellfromthe kitchen was getting stronger. It was somethinglike burning
underpants. Harry wondered whether it would be possible to eat enough of whatever
Xenophilius was cooking to spare hisfeelings.
"What about the Cloak, though?" said Ron slowly. "Don't you realize, he's right? I've got
so used to Harry's Cloak and how good itis, I never stopped to think. I've never heard of
onelike Harry's. It's infallible. We've never been spotted under it --"
"Of course not -- we're invisible when we're under it, Ron!"
"But allthe stuffhe said about other cloaks, and they're not exactly ten a Knut, you know,
is true! It's never occurred to me before but I've heard stuff about charms wearing off
cloaks when they get old, or them beingripped apart by spells so they've got holes,
Harry's was owned by his dad, so it's not exactlynew, is it, butit's just ... perfect!"
"Yes, allright, but Ron, the stone..."
As they argued in whispers, Harry moved around the room, onlyhalflistening. Reaching
the spiral stair, he raised his eyes absently to the nextlevel and was distracted at once.
His own face was looking back at himfrom the ceiling of the room above. After a
moment's bewilderment, he realized that itwas not a mirror, but a painting. Curious, he
began to clime the stairs.
"Harry, what are you doing? I don't think you should look around whenhe's not here!"
But Harry had already reached the nextlevel. Luna had decorated her bedroom ceiling
withfive beautifully painted faces:Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville. They
were notmoving as the portraits at Hogwarts moved, but there was a certainmagic about
them allthe same. Harry thought they breathed. What appeared to be a finegolden chains
wove around the pictures linking themtogether, but after examining themfor a minute or

so, Harry realized that the chains were actually one work repeated a thousand times in
golden ink:friends... friends... friends...
Harryfelt a great rush of affectionfor Luna. Helooked around the room. There was a
large photograph beside the bed, of a young Luna and a woman who looked verylike
her.
They were hugging. Lunalooked rather better-groomed in this picture than Harryhad
ever seen her inlife. The picture was dusty. This struck Harry as slightly odd. He stared
around. Something was wrong. The pale blue carpet was also thick with dust. There were
no clothes in the wardrobe, whose doors stood ajar. The bed had a cold, unfriendlylook,
as thoughithad not been sleptinfor weeks. A single cobweb stretched over thenearest
window across the blood red sky.
"What's wrong?" Hermione asked as Harry descended the staircase, but before he could
respond, Xenophilius reached the top of the stairs fromthe kitchen, now holding a tray
laden with bowls.
"Mr. Lovegood," said Harry."Where's Luna?"
"Excuse me?"
"Where's Luna?"
Xenophiliushalted on the top step.
"I -- I've already told you. Sheis down at the Botions Bridgefishingfor Plimpies."
"So whyhave you onlylaid that trayfor four?"
Xenophilius tried to speak, butno sound came out. The onlynoise was the continued
chugging of the printing press, and a slight rattlefrom the tray as Xenophilius's hands
shook.
"I don't think Luna's been here for weeks." said Harry. "Her clothes are gone, her bed
hasn't been sleptin. Where is she? and why do you keep looking out of the window?"
Xenophilius dropped the tray. The bowls bounced and smashed Harry, Ron, and
Hermione drew their wands. Xenophiliusfroze his hand about to enter his pocket. At that
moment the printing press have a huge bank and numerous Quibblers came streaming
across thefloor fromunderneath the tablecloth, the press fellsilent at last. Hermione
stooped down and picked up one of the magazines, her wand stillpointing at Mr.
Lovegood.
"Harry, look at this"He strode over to her as quickly as he could through allthe clutter.
Thefront of the Quibbler carried his own picture, emblazoned with the words
"Undesirable Number One" and captioned with the reward money.
"The Quibbler's goingfor a new angle, then?: Harry asked coldly, hismind workingvery
fast. "Is that what you were doing when you wentinto the garden, Mr. Lovegood?

Sending an owl to the Ministry?
Xenophiliuslicked hislips
"They took my Luna,"he whispered, "Because of what I've been writing. They took my
Luna and I don't know where sheis, what they've done to her. But they mightgive her
back to meif I -- If I--"
"Hand over Harry?" Hermionefinished for him.
"No deal." said Ronflatly."Get out of the way, we'releaving."
Xenophiliuslooked ghastly, a century old, hislips drawn back into a dreadfulleer.
"They willbe here anymoment. I must save Luna. I cannotlose Luna. You must not
leave."
He spread his armsinfront of the staircase, and Harryhad a sudden vision ofhis mother
doing the same thinginfront ofhis crib.
"Don'tmake us hurt you," Harry said. "Get out of the way, Mr. Lovegood."
"HARRY!" Hermione screamed.
Figures on broomsticks were flying past the windows. As the three of themlooked away
fromhim. Xenophilius drew his wand. Harry realized their mistake justin time. He
launched himself sideways, shoving Ron and Hermione out ofharm's way as
Xenophilius's Stunning Spellsoared across the room and hit the Erumpent horn.
There was a colossal explosion. The sound ofit seemed to blow the room apart.
Fragments of wood and paper and rubble flew in all directions, along with an
impenetrable cloud of thick white dust. Harryflew through the air, then crashed to the
floor, unable to see as debris rained uponhim, his arms over his head. He heard
Hermione's scream, Ron's yell, and a series of sickeningmetallic thuds which told him
that Xenophilius had been blasted offhisfeet and fallen backward down the spiralstairs.
Half buried in rubble, Harry tried to raise himself. He could barely breathe or see for dust.
Half of the ceilinghad fallin and the end of Luna's bead was hanging through the hole.
The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw lay beside himwithhalfits face missingfragments of
torn parchment werefloating through the air, and most of the printing press lay onits side,
blocking the top of the staircase to the kitchen. Then another white shape moved close
by,
and Hermione, coated in dustlike a second statue, pressed his finger to her lips.
The door downstairs crashed open.
"Didn't I tellyou there was no need to hurry, Travers?" said a roughvoice. "Didn't I tell
you thisnutter was just raving as usual?" There was a bang and a scream of painfrom
Xenophilius.
"No...no...upstairs...Potter!"

"I told you last week Lovegood, we weren't coming back for anythingless than some
solid information! Remember last week? When you wanted to swap your daughter for
that stupid bleedingheaddress? And the week before" -- Another bang, another squeal --
"When you thought we'd give her back ifyou offered us proof there are Cumple" -- Bang
-- "Headed"--bang--"Snorkacks?"
"No -- no -- I beg of you!" sobbed Xenophilius. "It reallyis Potter, Really!"
"And now it turns out you only called us here to try and blow us up!" roared the Death
Eater, and there was a volley of bangsinterspersed with squeals of agonyfrom
Xenophilius.
"The place looks like it's about to fallin, Selwyn," said a cool second voice, echoingup
themangled staircase. "The stairs are completely blocked. Could try clearingit? Might
bring the place down."
"Youlying piece offilth." shouted the wizard named Selwyn.
"You have never seen Potter inyour life, have you? Thoughtyou'd lure us here to killus,
did you? And you think you'llget your girl back like this?"
"I swear...I swear...Potter's upstairs!"
"Homenumrevelio." said the voice at thefoot of the stairs. Harry heard Hermionegasp,
and he had the odd sensation somethingwas swoopinglow over him,immersing his body
inits shadow.
"There's someone up there allright, Selwyn," said the second man sharply.
"It's Potter, I tellyou, it's Potter!" sobbed Xenophilius. "Please...please...giveme Luna,
justletme have Luna..."
"You can have your little girl, Lovegood,"said Selwyn, "ifyou get up those stairs and
bringme down Harry Potter. Butif thisis a plot, ifit's a trick, ifyou've got an accomplice
waitingup there to ambush us, we'llsee ifwe can spare a bit ofyour daughter for you to
bury."
Xenophiliusgave a wail offear and despair. There were scurryings and scrapings.
Xenophilius was trying to get through the debris on the stairs.
"Come on," Harry whispered, "we've got to get out ofhere."
He started to dighimself out under cover of allthe noise Xenophilius was makingon the
staircase. Ron was buried the deepest. Harry and Hermione climbed, as quietlyas they
could, over allthe wreckage to where helay, trying to prise a heavy chest of drawers off
hislegs. While Xenophilius banging and scraping drew nearer and nearer, Hermione
managed to free Ron with the use of a Hover Charm.
"Allright." breathed Hermione, as the broken printing press blocking the top of the stairs
begin to tremble. Xenophilius was feet awayfrom them. She was stillwhite with dust.

"Do you trustme Harry?"
Harry nodded.
"Okay then." Hermione whispered. "giveme theinvisibility Cloak. Ron, you're goingto
putit on."
"Me? But Harry --"
"Please, Ron! Harry, hold on tight to my hand, Ron grab my shoulder."
Harry held outhislefthand. Ron vanished beneath the Cloak. The printing press blocking
the stairs was vibrating. Xenophilius was trying to shiftitusing a Hover Charm. Harry
did not know what Hermione was waitingfor.
"Hold tight" she whispered. "Hold tight...any second..."
Xenophilius's paper-whiteface appeared over the top of the sideboard.
"Obliviate!" cried Hermione, pointingher wantfirstinto his face then at thefloor beneath
them."Deprimo!"
She had blasted a holein the sitting roomfloor. They felllike boulders. Harry still
holding onto her hand for dear life, there was a screamfrom below, and he glimpsed two
men trying to get out of the way as vast quantities of rubble and broken furniture rained
all around themfrom the shattered ceiling. Hermione twisted inmidair and thundering of
the collapsinghouse rangin Harry's ears as she dragged him oncemore into darkness.


Chapter Twenty-Two
The Deathly Hallows

Harry fell, panting, onto grass and scrambled up at once. They seemed to have
landed in the corner of a field at dusk; Hermione was already runningin a circle around
them, wavingher wand.
"Protego Totalum...Salvio Hexia..."
"That treacherous old bleeder." Ron panted, emergingfrom beneath the
Invisibility Cloak and throwingit to Harry. "Hermione you're a genius, a totalgenius. I
can't believe we got out of that."
"Cave Inimicum...Didn't I say it was an Frumpenthorn, didn't I tellhim? And
now hishouse has been blown apart!"
"Serves himright," said Ron, examininghis torn jeans and the cuts to hislegs,
"What'd you reckon they'll do to him?"
"Oh I hope they don't killhim!"groaned Hermione, "That's why I wanted the
Death Eaters to get a glimpse of Harry before weleft, so they knew Xenophilius hadn't

been lying!"
"Whyhide me though?" asked Ron.
"You're supposed to be in bed with spattergrolt, Ron! They've kidnapped Luna
because her father supported Harry! What would happen to your familyifthey knew
you're withhim?"
"But what about your mum and dad?"
 "They're in Australia," said Hermione, "They should be allright. They don't
know anything."
"You're a genius," Ron repeated, looking awed.
Yeah, you are, Hermione," agreed Harryfervently. "I don't know what we'd do
withoutyou."
She beamed, but became solemn at once.
"What about Luna?"
"Well,if they're telling the truth and she's stillAlive ---" began Ron.
"Don't say that, don't sayit!" squealed Hermione. "Shemust be alive, shemust!"
"Then she'llbe in Azkaban, I expect," said Ron. "Whether she survives the place,
though...Loads don't..."
"She will," said Harry. He could not bear to contemplate the alternative. "She's
tough, Luna, much tougher than you'd think. She's probably teaching alltheinmates
about Wrackspurts and Nargles."
"I hope you're right," said Hermione. She passed a hand over her eyes. "I'd feel
so sorryfor Xenophiliusif ---"
"---ifhe hadn't just tried to sellus to the Death Eaters, yeah," said Ron.
They put up the tent and retreated insideit, where Ron made themtea. After their
narrow escape, the chilly, musty old place feltlike home:safe, familiar, and friendly.
"Oh, why did we go there?"groaned Hermione after afew minutes' silence.
"Harry, you were right, it was Godric's Hollow all over again, a complete waste of time!
The Deathly Hallows...such rubbish...although actually," a sudden thought seemed to
have struck her, "hemighthavemade it allup, mightn'the? He probably doesn't believe
inthe Deathly Hallows at all, he just wanted to keep us talkinguntilthe Death Eaters
arrived!"
"I don't think so," said Ron. "It's a damn sightharder making stuffup when
you're under stress than you'd think. I found that out when the Snatchers caught me. It
was much easier pretending to be Stan, because I knew a bit about him, thaninventing a
whole new person. Old Lovegood was under loads of pressure, trying to make sure we
stayed put. I reckon he told us the truth, or whathe thinks is the truth, just to keep us

talking."
"Well, I don't supposeitmatters," sighed Hermione. "Evenifhe was being
honest, I never heard such a lot of nonsensein allmylife."
"Hang on, though," said Ron. "The Chamber of Secrets was supposed to be a
myth, wasn'tit?"
"But the Deathly Hallows can't exist, Ron!"
"You keep saying that, but one of themcan," said Ron. "Harry's Invisibility
Cloak ---"
"The Tale of the Three Brothers' is a story," said Hermionefirmly."A story about
how humans are frightened of death. If surviving was as simple as hidingunder the
Invisibility Cloak, we'd have everythingwe need already!"
"I don't know. We could do with an unbeatable wand," said Harry, turning the
blackthorn wand he so disliked over inhisfingers.
"There's no such thing, Harry!"
"You said there have been loads of wands --- the Deathstick and whatever they
were called ---"
"Allright, evenifyou want to kid yourselfthe Elder Wand's real, what about the
Resurrection Stone?" Her fingers sketched quotation marks around the name, and her
tone dripped sarcasm. "No magic can raise the dead, and that's that!"
"Whenmy wand connected with You-Know-Who's, itmademymum and dad
appear...and Cedric..."
"But they weren't really back from the dead, were they?" said Hermione. "Those
kind of ---of paleimitations aren't the same as truly bringing someone back to life."
"But she, the girlin the tale, didn't reallycome back, did she? The story says that
once people are dead, they belong with the dead. But the second brother stillgot to see
her and talk to her, didn't he? He evenlived withher for a while..."
He saw concern and somethingless easily definablein Hermione's expression.
Then, as she glanced at Ron, Harry realized thatitwas fear:He had scared her withhis
talk oflivingwith dead people.
"So that Peverellbloke who's buried in Godric's Hollow,"he said hastily, trying
to sound robustly sane, "you don't know anything about him, then?"
"No," she replied, looking relieved at the change of subject. "I looked himup
after I saw themark on hisgrave;ifhe'd been anyonefamous or done anythingimportant,
I'm sure he'd be in one of our books. The only place I'vemanaged to find the name
`Peverell' Is Nature's Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. I borrowed itfrom Kreacher,"
she explained as Ron raised his eyebrows. "Itlists the pure-blood families that are now

extinctin themaleline. Apparently the Peverells were one of the earliestfamilies to
vanish."
"Extinctin themaleline?" repeated Ron.
"Itmeans the name died out," said Hermione, "centuries ago, in the case of the
Peverells. They could stillhave descendents, though, they'd just be called something
different."
And thenit came to Harryin one shiningpiece, thememory that had stirred at the
sound of the name "Peverell":afilthy oldman brandishing an ugly ringin theface of a
Ministry official, and he cried aloud, "Marvolo Gaunt!"
"Sorry said Ron and Hermione together.
"Marvolo Gaunt! You-Know-Who's grandfather! In the Pensieve! With
Dumbledore! Marvolo Gaunt said he was descended from the Peverells!"
Ron and Hermionelooked bewildered.
"The ring, the ring that became the Horcrux, Marvolo Gaunt said ithad the
Peverell coat of arms onit! I saw himwavingitin the bloke from the Ministry's face, he
nearly shoved itup his nose!"
"The Peverell coat of arms?" said Hermione sharply. "Could you see whatit
looked like?"
"Not really,"said Harry, trying to remember. "There was nothingfancy on there,
as far as I could see;maybe afew scratches. I only ever saw it really close up after ithad
been cracked open."
Harry saw Hermione's comprehensionin the sudden widening of her eyes. Ron
was lookingfrom one to the other, astonished.
"Blimey...You reckon itwas this sign again? The sign of the Hallows?
"Whynot said Harry excitedly, "Marvolo Gaunt was an ignorant old git who lived
like a pig, allhe cared about was his ancestry. If that ringhad been passed down through
the centuries, hemightnot have known whatit really was. There were no books in that
house, and trustme, he wasn't the type to read fairy tales to his kids. He'd haveloved to
think the scratches on the stone were a coat of arms, because as far as he was concerned,
having pure blood made you practically royal."
"Yes...and that's allveryinteresting," said Hermione cautiously, "but Harry, if
you're thinking what I think you're think ---"
"Well, whynot? Why not? said Harry, abandoning caution. "It was a stone,
wasn'tit?"He looked at Ron for support. "Whatifit was the Resurrection Stone?"
Ron's mouthfell open.
"Blimey --- but would it stillwork if Dumbledore broke --- ?"

"Work? Work? Ron, itnever worked! There's no such thing as a Resurrection
Stone!"
Hermioneleapt to her feet, looking exasperated and angry. Harry you're trying to
fit everythinginto the Hallows story ---"
"Fit everything in?" he repeated. "Hermione, itfits ofits own accord! I know the
sign of the Deathly Hallows was on that stone! Gaunt said he was descended fromthe
Peverells!"
"Aminute ago you told us you never saw themark on the stone properly!"
"Where'd you reckon the ringis now?" Ron asked Harry. "What did Dumbledore
do withit after he broke it open?"
"But Harry's imagination was racing ahead, far beyond Ron and Hermione's...
Three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make the possessor master of
Death...Master...Conqueror...Vanquisher...The last enemy that shall be destroyed is
death...
And he saw himself, possessor of the Hallows, facing Voldemort, whose
Horcruxes were no match...Neither can live while the other survives...Was this the
answer? Hallows versus Horcruxes? Was there a way after all, to ensure that he was the
one who triumphed? Ifhe were themaster of the Deathly Hallows, would he be safe?
"Harry?"
Buthe scarcelyheard Hermione:He had pulled out his Invisibility Cloak and was
runningit throughhis fingers, the cloth supple as water, light as air. He had never seen
anything to equalitinhis nearly seven years in the Wizarding world. The Cloak was
exactly what Xenophilius had described: A cloak that really and truly renders the
wearer
completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable
concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it...
And then, with a gasp, he remembered--
"Dumbledore had my Cloak the nightmy parents died!"
His voice shook and he could feel the color inhis face, buthe did not care.
"Mymumtold Sirius that Dumbledore borrowed the Cloak! Thisis why! He
wanted to examineit, because he thoughtit was the third Hallow! Ignotus Peverellis
buried in Godric's Hollow..." Harry was walking blindly around the tent, feeling as
thoughgreat new vistas of truth were opening all around him. "He's my ancestor. I'm
descended from the third brother! It allmakes sense!"
"Hefelt armed in certainty, inhis beliefinthe Hallows, as ifthemere idea of

possessing themwas givinghim protection, and hefelt joyous as he turned back to the
other two.
"Harry," said Hermione again, but he was busy undoing the pouch around his
neck, hisfingers shakinghard.
"Read it,"he told her, pushinghis mother's letter into her hand. "Read it!
Dumbledore had the Cloak, Hermione! Why else would he wantit? He didn't need a
Cloak, he could perform a Disillusionment Charm so powerfulthat hemade himself
completelyinvisible without one!"
Somethingfellto thefloor and rolled, glittering, under a chair:He had dislodged
the Snitch when he pulled out theletter. He stooped to pick itup, and then the newly
tapped spring offabulous discoveries threw him another gift, and shock and wonder
erupted inside himso that he shouted out.
"IT'S IN HERE! Heleftme the ring ­ it's in the Snitch!"
"You --- you reckon?"
He could not understand why Ronlooked taken aback. It was so obvious, so clear
to Harry. Everythingfit, everything...His Cloak was the third Hallow, and when he
discovered how to open the Snitch he would have the second, and then allhe needed to
do was find thefirst Hallow, the Elder Wand, and then ---
Butit was as though a curtainfellon alit stage:Allhis excitement, allhishope
and happiness were extinguished at a stroke, and he stood alonein the darkness, and the
glorious spellwas broken.
"That's what he's after."
The changeinhis voice made Ron and Hermionelook even more scared.
"You-Know-Who's after the Elder Wand."
He turned his back on their strained, incredulous faces. He knew itwas the truth.
It allmade sense, Voldemort was not seeking a new wand; he was seeking an old wand,
a
very old wand indeed. Harry walked to the entrance of the tent, forgetting about Ron and
Hermione as helooked outinto the night, thinking...
Voldemort had been raised in a Muggle orphanage. Nobody could have told him
The Tales of Beedle the Bard whenhe was a child, anymore thanHarryhad heard
them.
Hardly any wizards believed in the DeathlyHallows. Was itlikely that Voldemort knew
about them?
Harry gazed into the darkness...If Voldemorthad known about the Deathly
Hallows, surelyhe would have sought them, done anything to possess them:three objects

thatmade the possessor master of Death? Ifhe had known about the Deathly Hallows, he
mightnot have needed Horcruxes in the first place. Didn't the simplefact thathe had
taken a Hallow, and turned itinto a Horcrux, demonstrate that he did not know thislast
great Wizarding secret?
Which meant that Voldemort sought the Elder Wand without realizingits full
power, without understanding thatitwas one of three...for the wand was the Hallow that
could not be hidden, whose existence was best known...The bloody trail of the Elder
Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizarding history...
Harry watched the cloudy sky, curves of smoke-gray and silver sliding over the
face of the whitemoon. He feltlightheaded with amazement at his discoveries.
He turned back into the tent. It was a shock to see Ron and Hermione standing
exactly where he had left them, Hermione stillholding Lily's letter, Ron at her side
looking slightly anxious. Didn't they realize how far they had traveled in thelastfew
minutes?
"Thisisit?" Harry said, trying to bring theminside the glow of his own
astonished certainty, "This explains everything. The Deathly Hallows are real and I've
got one --- maybe two ---"
He held up the Snitch.
"--- and You-Know-Who's chasing the third, but he doesn't realize...he just
thinks it's a powerfulwand ---"
"Harry," said Hermione, moving across to him and handinghim back Lily's letter,
"I'm sorry, but I think you've got this wrong, allwrong."
"But don't you see? It allfits ---"
"Not, it doesn't," she said. "It doesn't. Harry, you're just getting carried away.
Please," she said as she started to speak, "please just answer me this:If the Deathly
Hallows really existed, and Dumbledore knew about them, knew that the person who
possessed all of themwould be master ofDeath --- Harry, why wouldn't he have told
you? Why?"
He had his answer ready.
"Butyou said it, Hermione! You've got to find out about themfor yourself! It's a
Quest!"
"But I only said that to try and persuade you to come to the Lovegoods'!" cried
Hermionein exasperation. "I didn't really believeit!"
Harry took no notice.
"Dumbledore usuallyletmefind out stufffor myself. Heletme trymy strength,

take risks. Thisfeelslike the kind of thinghe'd do."
"Harry, this isn't a game, thisisn't practice! Thisis the real thing, and
Dumbledore leftyou very clear instructions: Find and destroy the Horcruxes! That
symbol doesn'tmean anything,forget the Deathly Hallows, we can't afford to get
sidetracked ---"
Harry was barelylistening to her. He was turning the Snitch over and over inhis
hands, half expectingit to break open, to reveal the Resurrection Stone, to prove to
Hermione that he was right, that the Deathly Hallows were real.
She appealed to Ron.
"You don't believein this, do you?"
Harrylooked up, Ron hesitated.
"I dunno...I mean...bits ofit sort offit together," said Ron awkwardly, "But
when youlook at the whole thing..." He took a deep breath. "I think we're supposed to
get rid of Horcruxes, Harry. That's what Dumbledore told us to do. Maybe...maybe we
should forget about this Hallows business."
"Thank you, Ron," said Hermione. "I'lltake first watch."
And she strode past Harry and sat downin the tent entrance bringing the action to
a fierce fullstop.
But Harry hardly slept that night. Theidea of the Deathly Hallows had taken
possession ofhim, and he could not rest while agitating thoughts whirled through his
mind: the wand, the stone, and the Cloak, ifhe could just possess them all...
I open at the close...But what was the close? Why couldn't he have the stone
now? If onlyhe had the stone, he could ask Dumbledore these questions in person...and
Harrymurmured words to the Snitchin the darkness, trying everything, even
Parseltongue, but the golden ballwould not open...
And the wand, the Elder Wand, where was that hidden? Where was Voldemort
searchingnow? Harry wished his scar would burn and show himVoldemort's thoughts,
because for thefirst time ever, he and Voldemort were united in wanting the very same
thing...Hermione would notlike thatidea, of course...But then, she did not
believe....Xenophilius had been right, in a way...Limited, Narrow, Close-minded. The
truth was that she was scared of theidea of the Deathly Hallows, especially of the
Resurrection Stone...and Harry pressed hismouth again to the Snitch, kissingit, nearly
swallowingit, but the cold medal did notyield...
It was nearly dawn when he remembered Luna, alonein a cellin Azkaban,
surrounded by dementors, and he suddenlyfelt ashamed ofhimself. He had forgotten all

abouther inhisfeverish contemplation of the Hallows. If only they could rescue her, but
dementors in those numbers would be virtuallyunassailable. Now he came to think about
it, he had not tried casting a Patronus with the blackthorn wand...He must try thatin the
morning...
If only there was a way of getting a better wand...
And desire for the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, unbeatable, invincible, swallowed
himonce more...
They packed up the tent nextmorning and moved on through a dreary shower of
rain. The downpour pursued themto the coast, where they pitched the tent thatnight, and
persisted through the whole week, through sodden landscapes that Harryfound bleak and
depressing. He could think only of the Deathly Hallows. It was as though a flame had
been litinside himthat nothing, not Hermione's flat disbeliefnor Ron's persistent doubts,
could extinguish. And yet thefiercer thelongingfor the Hallows burned inside him, the
less joyfulitmade him. He blamed Ron and Hermione:Their determined indifference
was as bad as the relentless rainfor dampeninghis spirits, but neither could erode his
certainty, which remained absolute. Harry's beliefin and longingfor the Hallows
consumed himso much thathefeltisolated from the other two and their obsession with
the Horcruxes.
"Obsession?" said Hermionein a low fierce voice, when Harry was careless
enough to use the word one evening, after Hermione had told him offfor hislack of
interest inlocatingmore Horcruxes. "We're not the one with an obsession, Harry! We're
the ones trying to do what Dumbledore wanted us to do!"
Buthe was impervious to the veiled criticism. Dumbledore had left the sign of the
Hallows for Hermione to decipher, and he had also, Harry remained convinced ofit, left
the Resurrection Stone hiddenin the golden Snitch. Neither can live while the other
survives...master of Death...Why didn't Ron and Hermione understand?
"'The last enemy shall be destroyed is death,'" Harry quoted calmly.
"I thoughtitwas You-Know-Who we were supposed to be fighting?" Hermione
retorted, and Harry gave up on her.
Even themystery of the silver doe, which the other two insisted on discussing,
seemed less important to Harry now, a vaguelyinteresting sideshow. The only other thing
thatmattered to himwas that his scar had begun to prickle again, althoughhe did allhe
could to hide thisfactfrom the other two. He sought solitude whenever ithappened, but
was disappointed by what he saw. The visions he and Voldemort were sharinghad
changed in quality; they had become blurred, shifting as though they were moving in and

out offocus. Harry was just able to make out theindistinctfeatures of an object that
looked like a skull, and somethinglike a mountain that was more shadow than substance.
Used to images sharp as reality, Harry was disconcerted by the change. He was worried
that the connection between himself and Voldemort had been damaged, a connection that
he both feared and, whatever he had told Hermione, prized. Somehow Harry connected
these unsatisfying, vagueimages with the destruction ofhis wand, as ifit was the
blackthorn wand's fault that he could no longer see into Voldemort's mind as wellas
before.
As the weeks crept on, Harry could not help but notice, even throughhis new self-
absorption, that Ron seemed to be taking charge. Perhaps because he was determined to
make up for having walked out on them, perhaps because Harry's descentinto
listlessness galvanized his dormantleadership qualities, Ron was the one now
encouraging and exhorting the other two into action.
"Three Horcruxes left,"he kept saying. "We need a plan of action, come on!
Where haven't we looked? Let's go throughit again. The orphanage..."
Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and Burkes, Albania, every
place that they knew Tom Riddle had ever lived or worked, visited or murdered, Ron and
Hermione raked over them again, Harry joiningin only to stop Hermione pesteringhim.
He would have been happy to sit alonein silence, trying to read Voldemort's thoughts, to
find outmore about the Elder Wand, but Roninsisted on journeying to ever more
unlikely places simply, Harry was aware, to keep themmoving.
"You never know," was Ron's constant refrain. "Upper Flagleyis a Wizarding
village, hemight've wanted to live there. Let's go and have a poke around."
These frequentforays into Wizarding territory brought themwithin occasional
sight of Snatchers.
"Some of them are supposed to be as bad as Death Eaters," said Ron. "Thelot that
gotme were a bit pathetic, but Billrecons some of them are really dangerous. They said
on Potterwatch ---"
"On what?" said Harry.
"Potterwatch, didn't I tellyou that's whatit was called? The program I keep
trying to get on the radio, the only one that tells the truth about what's going on! Nearly
all of the programs are following You-Know-Who's line, allexcept Potterwatch, I really
want you to hear it, butit's tricky tuningin..."
Ron spent evening after eveningusinghis wand to beat outvarious rhythms on
top of the wireless while the dials whirled. Occasionally they would catch snatches of
advice on how to treat dragonpox, and once a few bars of"A Cauldron Full of Hot,

Strong Love." Whilehe taped, Ron continued to try to hit on the correct password,
muttering strings of random words under his breath.
"They're normally something to do with the Order,"he told them. "Billhad a real
knack for guessing them. I'm bound to get one in the end..."
"Butnot untilMarch did luck favor Ron atlast. Harry was sittingin the tent
entrance, on guard duty, staringidly at a clump ofgrape hyacinths that had forced their
way through the chillyground, when Ron shouted excitedlyfrominside the tent.
"I've gotit, I've gotit! Password was `Albus'! Getinhere, Harry."
Roused for thefirst timein days fromhis contemplation of the Deathly Hallows,
Harry hurried back inside the tent to find Ron and Hermione kneeling on thefloor beside
thelittle radio. Hermione, who had been polishing the sword of Gryffindor justfor
something to do, was sitting open-mouthed, staring at the tiny speaker, fromwhich a
mostfamiliar voice was issuing.
"...apologizefor our temporary absence fromthe airwaves, which was due to a
number of house callsin our area by those charming Death Eaters."
"But that's Lee Jordan!" said Hermione.
"I know!" beamed Ron. "Cool, eh?"
"...now found ourselves another secure location," Lee was saying, and I'm
pleased to tellyou that two of our regular contributors have joined me here this evening.
Evening, boys!"
"Hi."
"Evening, River."
"'River'" that's Lee," Ron explained. "They've allgot code names, but you can
usually tell ---"
"Shh!"said Hermione.
"But before we hear fromRoyal and Romulus," Lee went on, "let's take a
moment to report those deaths that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily
Prophet don't thinkimportant enoughtomention. Itis withgreat regret that we inform
our listeners of themurders of Ted Tonks and Dirk Cresswell."
Harryfelt a sick, swoopinginhis belly. He, Ron, and Hermione gazed at one
another inhorror.
"A goblin by the name of Gornuk was also killed. Itis believed that Muggle-born
Dean Thomas and a second goblin, both believed to have been traveling with Tonks,
Cresswell, and Gornuk, mayhave escaped. If Deanis listening, or if anyone has any
knowledge ofhis whereabouts, his parents and sisters are desperate for news.
"Meanwhile, in Gaddley, a Mugglefamily offivehas been found dead in their

home. Muggle authorities are attributing their deaths to a gas leak, butmembers ofthe
Order of the Phoenixinformme thatit was the Killing Curse --- more evidence, as ifit
were needed, of thefact that Muggle slaughter is becominglittlemore than a recreational
sport under the new regime.
"Finally, we regret to inform our listeners that the remains of Bathilda Bagshot
have been discovered in Godric's Hollow. The evidence is that she died severalmonths
ago. The Order of the Phoenixinformsus that her body showed unmistakable signs of
injuries inflicted by Dark Magic.
"Listeners, I'd like to invite you now to joinus in a minute's silence inmemory of
Ted Tonks, Dirk Cresswell, Bathilda Bagshot, Gornuk, and the unnamed, but noless
regretted, Muggles murdered by the Death Eaters."
Silence fell, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not speak. Half of Harry yearned
to hear more, half ofhimwas afraid of whatmight come next. It was thefirst timehe had
feltfully connected to the outside world for a long time.
"Thank you," said Lee's voice. "And now we can return to regular contributor
Royal, for an update on how the new Wizarding order is affecting the Muggle world."
"Thanks, River," said an unmistakable voice, deep, measured, reassuring.
"Kingsley!" burst out Ron.
"We know!" said Hermione, hushinghim.
"Muggles remainignorant of the source of their suffering as they continue to
sustainheavy casualties," said Kingsley. "However, we continue to hear truly
inspirationalstories of wizards and witches risking their own safety to protect Muggle
friends and neighbors, often without the Muggles' knowledge. I'd like to appeal to all our
listeners to emulate their example, perhaps by casting a protective charm over any
Muggle dwellingsinyour street. Manylives could be saved if such simplemeasures are
taken."
"And what would you say, Royal, to those listeners who reply thatin these
dangerous times, it should be `Wizards first'? asked Lee.
"I'd say thatit's one short step from `Wizards first' to `Purebloods first,' and then
to `Death Eaters,'" replied Kingsley. "We're allhuman, aren't we? Every humanlifeis
worth the same, and worth saving."
"Excellently put, Royal, and you've got myvote for Minister of Magicifwe ever
get out of this mess," said Lee. "And now, over to Romulusfor our popular feature `Pals
of Potter.'"
"Thanks, River," said another very familiar voice. Ron started to speak, but
Hermioneforestalled himin a whisper.

"We know it's Lupin!"
"Romulus, do youmaintain, as youhave every timeyou've appeared on our
program, that Harry Potter is stillalive?"
"I do," said Lupinfirmly."There is no doubt at allinmymind that his death
would be proclaimed as widely as possible by the Death Eaters ifithad happened,
because it would strike a deadly blow at themorale of those resisting the new regime.
`The Boy Who Lived' remains a symbolof everythingfor which we are fighting:the
triumph of good, the power ofinnocence, the need to keep resisting."
A mixture ofgratitude and shame welled up in Harry. Had Lupinforgivenhim,
then, for the terrible things he had said when they had lastmet?
"And what would you say to Harryifyou knew he was listening, Romulus?"
"I'd tellhimwe're allwithhimin spirit," said Lupin, then hesitated slightly,
"And I'd tellhimto follow his instincts, which are good and nearly always right."
Harrylooked at Hermione, whose eyes were fullof tears.
"Nearly always right," she repeated.
"Oh, didn't I tellyou?" said Ronin surprise. "Billtold me Lupin's living with
Tonks again! And apparently she's getting pretty big too..."
"...and our usualupdate on those friends of Harry Potter's who are sufferingfor
their allegiance?"Lee was saying.
"Well, as regular listeners will know, several of themore outspoken supporters of
Harry Potter have now been imprisoned, including Xenophilius Lovegood, erstwhile
editor of The Quibbler," said Lupin.
"Atleast he's still alive!"muttered Ron.
"We have also heard within thelastfew hours that Rubeus Hagrid" ­ allthree of
themgasped, and so nearlymissed the rest of the sentence -- "well-known gamekeeper
at
Hogwarts School, has narrowly escaped arrest withinthe grounds of Hogwarts, where he
is rumored to have hosted a `Support Harry Potter' party inhis house. However, Hagrid
was not taken into custody, and is, we believe, on the run."
"I suppose ithelps, when escapingfromDeath Eaters, ifyou've got a sixteen-
foot-highhalf brother?" asked Lee.
"It would tend to give you an edge," agreed Lupingravely. "May I just add that
while we here at Potterwatch applaud Hagrid's spirit, we would urge even the most
devoted of Harry's supporters againstfollowing Hagrid's lead. `Support Harry Potter'
parties are unwisein the present climate."
"Indeed they are, Romulus," said Lee, "so we suggest that you continue to show

your devotion to theman with thelightning scar bylistening to Potterwatch! And now
let's move to news concerning the wizard who is proving just as elusive as Harry Potter.
We like to refer to himas the Chief Death Eater, and here to give his views on some of
themoreinsane rumors circulating abouthim, I'd like to introduce a new correspondent.
Rodent?"
"'Rodent'?" said yet another familiar voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione cried
out together:
"Fred!"
"No ­ is it George?"
"It's Fred, I think," said Ron, leaningincloser, as whichever twinit was said,
"I'mnot being `Rodent,' no way, I told you I wanted to be `Rapier'!"
"Oh, allright then, `Rapier,' could you please give us your take on the various
stories we've been hearing about the Chief Death Eater?"
"Yes, River, I can," said Fred. "As our listeners willknow, unless they've taken
refuge at the bottom of a garden pond or somewhere similar, You-Know-Who's strategy
of remainingin the shadows is creating a nicelittle climate of panic. Mind you, if allthe
alleged sightings ofhimare genuine, we musthave a good nineteen You-Know-Whos
running around the place."
"Which suits him, of course," said Kingsley. "The air ofmysteryis creatingmore
terror than actually showinghimself."
"Agreed," said Fred. "So, people, let's try and calm down a bit. Things are bad
enough withoutinventing stuff as well. For instance, this new idea that You-Know-Who
can kill people with a singleglance fromhis eyes. That's a basilisk, listeners. One simple
test: Check whether the thing that's glaring at you has gotlegs. Ifithas, it's safe to look
into its eyes, althoughifit reallyis You-Know-Who, that's stilllikely to be thelast thing
you ever do."
For thefirst timein weeks and weeks, Harry was laughing:He could feel the
weight of tensionleavinghim.
"And the rumors thathe keeps being sighted abroad?" asked Lee.
"Well, who wouldn't want a nice little holiday after allthehard work he's been
puttingin?" asked Fred. "Pointis, people, don't getlulled into a false sense of security,
thinkinghe's out of the country. Maybe heis, maybe heisn't, but thefact remains he can
movefaster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo when he wants to, so don't
count on himbeing along way awayifyou're planning to take any risks. I never thought
I'd hear myself sayit, but safetyfirst!"
"Thank you very much for those wise words, Rapier," said Lee. "Listeners, that

brings us to the end of another Potterwatch. We don't know whenitwillbe possible to
broadcast again, but you can be sure we shall be back. Keep twiddling those dials:The
next password willbe `Mad-Eye.' Keep each other safe: Keep faith. Good night."
The radio's dial twirled and thelights behind the tuning panelwent out. Harry,
Ron, and Hermione were stillbeaming. Hearingfamiliar, friendlyvoices was an
extraordinary tonic; Harry had become so used to theirisolation he had nearlyforgotten
that other people were resisting Voldemort. It was like wakingfrom a long sleep.
"Good, eh?" said Ron happily.
"Brilliant," said Harry.
"It's so brave of them," sighed Hermione admiringly."If they were found ..."
"Well, they keep on themove, don't they?" said Ron. "Like us."
"But did you hear what Fred said?" asked Harry excitedly;now the broadcast was
over, his thoughts turned around toward his all consuming obsession. "He's abroad! He's
stilllookingfor the Wand, I knew it!"
"Harry--"
"Come on, Hermione, why are you so determined not to admitit? Vol ­"
"HARRY, NO!"
"--demort's after the Elder Wand!"
"The name's Taboo!" Ron bellowed, leaping to his feet as a loud crack sounded
outside the tent. "I told you, Harry, I told you, we can't say it anymore ­ we've got to put
the protection back around us ­ quickly­ it's how theyfind ­"
But Ron stopped talking, and Harry knew why. The Sneakoscope on the table had
litup and begun to spin; they could hear voices comingnearer and nearer:rough, excited
voices. Ron pulled the Deluminator out ofhis pocket and clicked it:Theirlamps went out.
"Come out of there withyour hands up!" came a raspingvoice through the
darkness. "We know you're in there! You've got half a dozen wands pointing atyou and
we don't care who we curse!"



Chapter Twenty-Three
Malfoy Manor

Harrylooked around at the other two, now mere outlines in the darkness. He saw
Hermione pointher wand, set toward the outside, butinto hisface; there was a bang, a
burst of whitelight, and he buckled in agony, unable to see. He could feelhisface

swellingrapidlyunder his hands as heavyfootfalls surrounded him.
"Get up, vermin."
Unknown hands dragged Harry roughlyoff the ground, before he could stop them,
someone had rummaged throughhis pockets and removed the blackthorn wand. Harry
clutched at his excruciatingly painfulface, whichfeltunrecognizable beneath hisfingers,
tight, swollen, and puffy as thoughhe had suffered some violent allergic reaction. His
eyes had been reduced to slits through whichhe could barely see; his glasses felloff as he
was bundled out of the tent: allhe could make out were the blurred shapes offour or five
people wrestling Ron and Hermione outside too.
"Get -- off - her!" Ron shouted. There was the unmistakable sound of knuckles
hittingflesh:Ron grunted in pain and Hermione screamed, "No! Leave himalone, leave
himalone!"
"Your boyfriend's going to have worse than that done to himifhe's on mylist,"
said the horriblyfamiliar, raspingvoice. "Delicious girl... what a treat . . . I do enjoy the
softness of the skin. . . ."
Harry's stomach turned over. He knew who this was, Fenrit Greyback, the
werewolf who was permitted to wear Death Eater robes in return for his hired savagery.
"Search the tent!" said another voice.
Harry was thrownface down onto the ground. A thud told himthat Ron had been
cast down beside him. They could hear footsteps and crashes; themen were pushing over
chairs inside the tent as they searched.
"Now, let's see who we've got," said Greyback's gloatingvoice from overhead,
and Harry was rolled over onto his back. A beam of wand lightfell onto hisface and
Greyback laughed.
"I'llbe needing butterbeer to wash this one down. What happened to you, ugly?"
Harry did not answer immediately.
"I said," repeated Greyback, and Harry received a blow to the diaphragmthat
made himdouble over in pain. "what happened to you?"
"Stung." Harry muttered. "Been Stung."
"Yeah, looks likeit." said a second voice.
"What's your name?" snarled Greyback.
"Dudley." said Harry.
"And your first name?"
"I -- Vernon. Vernon Dudley."
"Check thelist, Scabior." said Greyback, and Harry head himmove sideways to
look down at Ron, instead. "And what about you, ginger?"

"Stan Shunpike." said Ron.
"Like 'ellyou are." said theman called Scabior. "We know Stan Shunpike, 'e's put
a bit of work our way."
There was another thud.
"I'b Bardy," said Ron, and Harry could tellthat his mouth was fullof blood.
"Bardy Weasley."
"A Weasley?" rasped Greyback. "So you're related to blood traitors evenifyou're
not a Mudblood. And lastly, your pretty littlefriend . . ." The relishinhis voice made
Harry's flesh crawl.
"Easy, Greyback." said Scabior over the jeering of the others.
"Oh, I'mnot going to bite just yet. We'llsee ifshe's a bit quicker at remembering
her name than Barny. Who are you, girly?
"Penelope Clearwater." said Hermione. She sounded terrified, but convincing.
"What's your blood status?"
"Half-Blood." said Hermione.
"Easy enough to check," said Scabior. "But the 'olelot of 'emlook like they could
stillbe 'ogwarts age -"
"We'b lebt," said Ron.
"Left, 'ave you, ginger?" said Scabior. "And you decided to go camping? And you
thought, justfor a laugh, you'd use the Dark Lords name?"
"Nod a laugh," said Ron. "Aggiden."
"Accident?" There was more jeeringlaughter.
"You know who used to like using the Dark Lord's name, Weasley?"growled
Greyback, "The Order of the Phoenix. Mean anything to you?"
"Doh."
"Well, they don't show the Dark Lord proper respect, so the name's been Tabooed.
A few Order members have been tracked that way. We'll see. Bind themup withthe
other two prisoners!"
Someone yanked Harryup by the hair, dragged him a short way, pushed him
down into a sitting position, then started bindinghim back-to-back with other people.
Harry was stillhalf blind, barely able to see anything throughhis puffed-up eyes. When
atlast theman tying then had walked away, Harry whispered to the other prisoners.
"Anyone stillgot a wand?"
"No." Said Ron and Hermionefrom either side of him.
"Thisis allmyfault. I said the name. I'm sorry -"
"Harry?"

It was a new, butfamiliar voice. and it camefrom directly behind Harry, from the
person tied to Hermione's left.
"Dean?"
"It is you! If they find out who they've got -! They're Snatchers, they're only
lookingfor truants to sellfor gold -"
"Not a bad little haulfor one night." Greyback was saying, as a pair of hobnailed
boots marched close by Harry and they heard more crashes frominside the tent. "A
Mudblood, a runaway goblin, and these truants. You checked their names on thelistyet,
Scabior?"he roared.
"Yeah. There's no Vernon Dudleyun 'ere, Greyback."
"Interesting," said Greyback. "That's interesting."
He crouched down beside Harry, who saw, through theinfinitesimalgap left
between his swollen eyelids, a face covered inmatted gray hair and whiskers, with
pointed brown teeth and sores in the corners of his mouth. Greyback smelled as he had
done at the top of the tower where Dumbledore had died: of dirt, sweat, and blood.
"So you aren't wanted, then, Vernon? Or are you on thatlist under a different
name? What house were youin at Hogwarts?"
"Slytherin," said Harry automatically.
"Funny 'ow they allthinks we wants to 'ear that."leered Scabior out of the
shadows. "Butnone of 'em can tellus where the common roomis."
"It's in the dungeons." said Harry clearly. "You enter through the wall. It's fullof
skulls and stuff and its under thelake, so thelight's allgreen,"
There was a short pause.
"Well, well,looks like we really 'ave caught a little Slytherin." said Scabior.
"Good for you, Vernon, 'cause there ain't a lot of Mudblood Slytherins. Who's your
father?"
"He works at the Ministry," Harry lied. He knew that his whole story would
collapse with the smallestinvestigation, but on the other hand, he onlyhad untilhisface
regained its usual appearance before the game was up in any case. "Department of
Magical Accidents and Catastrophes."
"You know what, Greyback," said Scabior. "I think there is a Dudleyin there."
Harry could barely breathe: Could luck, sheer luck, get themsafely out of this?
"Well, well." said Greyback, and Harry could hear the tiniest note of trepidation
inthat callous voice, and knew that Greyback was wondering whether he had justindeed
just attacked and bound the son of a Ministry Official. Harry's heart was pounding against
the ropes around his ribs; he would not have been surprised to know that Greyback could

see it."Ifyou're telling the truth, ugly, you've got nothing to fear from a trip to the
Ministry. I expect your father'llreward us justfor pickingyou up."
"But," said Harry, hismouth bone dry,"ifyou justlet us -"
"Hey!" came a shoutfrominside the tent. "Look at this. Greyback!"
A dark figure came bustling toward them, and Harry saw a glint of silver to the
light of their wands. They had found Gryffindor's sword.
"Ve-e-ery nice," said Greyback appreciatively, takingitfromhis companion. "Oh,
very nice indeed. Looks goblin-made, that. Where did you get somethinglike this?"
"It's myfather's," Harrylied, hoping against hope thatitwas too dark for
Greyback to see the name etched just below the hilt."We borrowed it to cutfirewood -"
"'ang on a minute, Greyback! Look at this, in the Prophet!"
As Scabior said it, Harry's scar, which was stretched tight across his distended
forehead, burned savagely. More clearlythan he could make out anything around him, he
saw a towering building, a grimfortress, jet-black and forbidding:Voldemort's thoughts
had suddenly become Razor-Sharp again;he was gliding toward the gigantic building
with a sense of calmly euphoric purpose . . .
So close . . . So close . . .
With a huge effort of willHarry closed his mind to Voldemort's thoughts, pullinghimself
back to where he sat, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in the darkness,
listening to Greyback and Scabior.
"'Hermione Granger," Scabior was saying,"the Mudblood who is known to be
traveling
with 'arry Potter."
Harry's scar burned in the silence, but he made a supreme effort to keep himself
present, nor to slip into Voldemort's mind. He heard the creak of Greyback's boots as he
crouched down, infront of Hermione.
"you know what, little girly? This picturelooks a hell of alotlike you."
"Itisn't! Itisn'tme!"
Hermione's terrified squeak was as good as a confession.
"... known to be traveling with Harry Potter," repeated Greyback quietly.
A stillness had settled over the scene. Harry's scar was Exquisitely painful, but he
struggled with allhis strength against the pull of Voldemort's thoughts. It had never been
so important to remaininhis own rightmind.
"Well, this changed things, doesn'tit?" whispered Greyback. Nobody spoke:
Harry sensed the gang of Snatchers watching, frozen, and felt Hermione's arm trembling
against his. Greyback got up and took a couple of steps to where Harry sat, crouching

down again to stare closely at hismisshapen features.
"What's that on your forehead, Vernon?"he asked softly, his breath foulin
Harry's nostrils as he pressed a filthyfinger to the taught scar.
"Don't touchit! Harry yelled; he could not stop himself, he thoughthemight be
sick from the pain ofit.
"I thoughtyou wore glasses, Potter?" breathed Greyback.
"I found glasses!"yelped one of the Snatchers skulkingin the background. "There
was glasses in the tent, Greyback, wait -"
And seconds later Harry's glasses had been rammed back onto his face. The
Snatchers were closinginnow, peering at him.
"It Is!" rasped Greyback. "We've caught Potter!"
They alltook several steps backward, stunned by what they had done. Harry, still
fighting to remain presentinhis own splittinghead, could think of nothing to say.
Fragmented visions were breaking across the surface of his mind -
--He was hiding around the high walls of the black fortress--
No, he was Harry, tied up and wandless, ingrave danger--
--looking up, up to the topmost window, the highest tower--
He was Harry, and they were discussinghis fateinlow voices--
--Time to fly . . .
". . . To the Ministry?"
"To hellwith the Ministry."growled Greyback. "They'lltake the credit, and we
won't get a look in. I say we take himstraight to You-Know-Who."
"Willyou summon 'im? 'ere?" said Scabior, sounding awed, terrified.
"No," snarled Greyback, "I haven't got -- they say he's using the Malfoy's place as
a base. We'lltake the boy there."
Harry thoughthe knew why Greyback was not calling Voldemort. The werewolf
might be allowed to wear Death Eater robes when they wanted to use him, but only
Voldemort's inner circle were branded with the Dark Mark:Greyback had not been
granted this highest honor.
Harry's scar seared again ­
­ and he rose into the night, flying straight up to the windows at the very top of
the tower ­
". . . completely sureit's him? `Cause ifit ain't, Greyback, we're dead."
"Who's in charge here?" roared Greyback, coveringhismoment ofinadequacy. "I
say that's Potter, and him plus his wand, that's two hundred thousand Galleons right
there! Butifyou're too gutless to come along, any of you, it's allfor me, and with any

luck, I'llget the girlthrownin!"
­ The window was the merest slit in the black rock, not big enough for a man to
enter. . . . A skeletal figure was just visible through it, curled beneath a blanket. . . .
Dead,
or sleeping . . . ?
"Allright!" said Scabior. "Allright, we're in! And what about the rest of `em,
Greyback, what'llwe do with `em?"
"Might as welltake thelot. We've got two Mudbloods, that's another ten
Galleons. Giveme the sword as well. If they're rubies, that's another smallfortune right
there."
The prisoners were dragged to theirfeet. Harry could hear Hermione's breathing,
fast and terrified.
"Grab hold and make it tight. I'll do Potter!" said Greyback, seizing afistfulof
Harry's hair; Harry could feelhislongyellow nails scratchinghis scalp. "On three! One ­
two ­ three ­"
They Disapparated, pullingthe prisoners with them. Harry struggled, trying to
throw off Greyback's hand, butit was hopeless:Ron and Hermione were squeezed tightly
against him on either side; he could not separate from the group, and as the breath was
squeezed out of himhis scar seared more painfully still­
­ as he forced himself through the slit of a window like a snake and landed,
lightly as vapor inside the cell-like room ­
The prisoners lurched into one another as theylanded in a countrylane. Harry's
eyes, still puffy, took a moment to acclimatize, then he saw a pair of wrought-irongates
at thefoot of whatlooked like a long drive. He experienced the tiniest trickle of relief.
The worst had not happened yet:Voldemort was not here. He was, Harry knew, for he
was fighting to resist the vision, in some strange, fortresslike place, at the top of a tower.
How longitwould take Voldemort to get to this place, once he knew that Harry was
here,
was another matter. . . .
One of the Snatchers strode to the gates and shook them.
"How do we getin? They're locked, Greyback, I can't ­ blimey!"
He whipped his hands awayinfright. The iron was contorting, twistingitself out
of the abstract furls and coilsinto afrighteningface, which spoke in a clanging, echoing
voice. "State your purpose!"
"We've got Potter!" Greyback roared triumphantly. "We've captured Harry
Potter!"

The gates swung open.
"Come on!" said Greyback to his men, and the prisoners were shunted through the
gates and up the drive, between highhedges thatmuffled theirfootsteps. Harry saw a
ghostly white shape above him, and realized it was an albino peacock. He stumbled and
was dragged onto his feet by Greyback; now he was staggering along sideways, tied
back-to-back to thefour other prisoner. Closinghis puffy eyes, he allowed the paininhis
scar to overcome himfor a moment, wanting to know what Voldemort was doing,
whether he knew yet that Harry was caught. . . .
The emaciated figure stirred beneath its thin blanket and rolled over toward him,
eyes opening in a skull of a face. . . . The frail man sat up, great sunken eyes fixed
upon
him, upon Voldemort, and then he smiled. Most of his teeth were gone. . . .
"So, you have come. I thought you would . . . one day. But your journey was
pointless. I never had it."
"You lie!"
As Voldemort's anger throbbed inside him, Harry's scar threatened to burst with
pain, and he wrenched hismind back to his own body, fighting to remain present as the
prisoners were pushed over gravel.
Light spilled out over all of them.
"Whatis this?" said a woman's cold voice.
"We're here to see He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named!" rasped Greyback.
"Who are you?"
"You know me!"There was resentmentin the werewolf's voice. "Fenrit
Greyback! We've caught Harry Potter!"
Greyback seized Harry and dragged himaround to face thelight, forcing the other
prisoners to shuffle around too.
"I know `es swollen, ma'am, butit's `im!" piped up Scabior. "Ifyoulook a bit
closer, you'llsee `is scar. And this `ere, see the girl? The Mudblood who's been traveling
around with `im, ma'am. There's no doubt it's `im, and we've got `is wand as well! `Ere,
ma'am ­"
Throughhis puffy eyelids Harry saw Narcissa Malfoy scrutinizinghis swollen
face. Scabior thrust the blackthorn wand at her. She raised her eyebrows.
"Bring themin," she said.
Harry and the others were shoved and kicked up broad stone steps into a hallway
lined with portraits.
"Follow me," said Narcissa, leading the way across the hall."My son, Draco, is

homefor his Easter holidays. If thatis Harry Potter, he willknow."
The drawing room dazzled after the darkness outside; even withhis eyes almost
closed Harry could make out the wide proportions of the room. A crystal chandelier hung
fromthe ceiling,more portraits against the dark purple walls. Two figures rose from
chairs infront of an ornate marblefireplace as the prisoners were forced into the room by
the Snatchers.
"Whatis this?"
The dreadfullyfamiliar, drawlingvoice ofLucius Malfoyfell on Harry's ears. He
was panickingnow. He could see no way out, and itwas easier, as hisfear mounted, to
block out Voldemort's thoughts, thoughhis scar was still burning.
"They say they've got Potter," said Narcissa's cold voice. "Draco, come here."
Harry did not dare look directly at Draco, but saw himobliquely; afigure slightly
taller thanhe was, risingfrom an armchair, hisface a pale and pointed blur beneath
white-blond hair.
Greyback forced the prisoners to turn again so as to place Harry directly beneath
the chandelier.
"Well, boy?" rasped the werewolf.
Harry was facing amirror over thefireplace, a great gilded thingin anintricately
scrolled frame. Through the slits ofhis eyes he saw his own reflectionfor thefirst time
since leaving Grimmauld Place.
Hisface was huge, shiny, and pink, everyfeature distorted by Hermione's jinx.
His black hair reached his shoulders and there was a dark shadow around his jaw. Had
he
not known thatitwas he who stood there, he would have wondered who was wearinghis
glasses. He resolved not to speak, for his voice was sure to give him away;yet he still
avoided eye contact with Draco as thelatter approached.
"Well, Draco?" said Lucius Malfoy. He sounded avid. "Is it? Is itHarry Potter?"
"I can't ­ I can't be sure," said Draco. He was keepinghis distance from
Greyback, and seemed as scared oflooking at Harry as Harry was oflooking athim.
"Butlook at him carefully,look! Come closer!"
Harry had never heard Lucius Malfoy so excited.
"Draco, if we are the ones who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will
be forgiv ­"
"Now, we won't beforgetting who actually caughthim, I hope Mr. Malfoy?" said
Greyback menacingly.
"Of course not, of course not!" said Luciusimpatiently. He approached Harry

himself, came so close that Harry could see the usuallylanguid, paleface in sharp detail
even throughhis swollen eyes. Withhisface a puffymask, Harryfelt as thoughhe was
peering outfrom between the bars of a cage.
"What did you do to him?"Lucius asked Greyback. "How did he getinto this
state?"
"That wasn't us."
"Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me," said Lucius.
His gray eyes raked Harry's forehead.
"There's something there,"he whispered. "it could be the scar, stretched
tight. . . ."Draco, come here, look properly! What do you think?"
Harry saw Draco's face up close now, right beside hisfather's. They were
extraordinarily alike, except that whilehis father looked beside himselfwith excitement,
Draco's expression was fullof reluctance, evenfear.
"I don't know,"he said, and he walked away toward thefireplace where his
mother stood watching.
"We had better be certain, Lucius," Narcissa called to her husband inher cold,
clear voice. "Completely sure thatitis Potter, before we summon the Dark Lord . . . They
say thisis his" ­ she was looking closely at the blackthorn wand ­ "butit does not
resemble Ollivander's description. . . . Ifwe are mistaken, if we callthe Dark Lord here
for nothing . . . Remember what he did to Rowle and Dolohov?"
"What about the Mudblood, then?"growled Greyback. Harry was nearly thrown
offhisfeet as the Snatchers forced the prisoners to swivel around again, so that thelight
fellon Hermioneinstead.
"Wait," said Narcissa sharply. "Yes ­ yes, she was in Madam Malkin's with
Potter! I saw her picture in the Prophet! Look, Draco, isn'tit the Granger girl?"
"I . . . maybe . . . yeah."
"But then, that's the Weasley boy!" shouted Lucius, striding around the bound
prisoners to face Ron. "It's them, Potter's friends ­ Draco, look at him,isn'tit Arthur
Weasley's son, what's his name ­ ?"
"Yeah," said Draco again, his back to the prisoners. "It could be."
The drawing room door opened behind Harry. A woman spoke, and the sound of
the voice wound Harry's fear to an evenhigher pitch.
"Whatis this? What's happened, Cissy?"
Bellatrix Lestrange walked slowly around the prisoners, and stopped on Harry's
right, staring at Hermione throughher heavilylidded eyes,
"But surely," she said quietly, "thisis the Mudblood girl? Thisis Grander?"

"Yes, yes, it's Granger!" cried Lucius, "And beside her, we think, Potter! Potter
and hisfriends, caught atlast!"
"Potter?" shrieked Bellatrix, and she backed away, the better to take in Harry.
"Are you sure? Wellthen, the Dark Lord must beinformed at once!"
She dragged back her left sleeve:Harry saw the Dark Mark burned into theflesh
of her arm, and knew that she was about to touchit, to summon her beloved master­
"I was about to callhim!" said Lucius, and his hand actually closed upon
Bellatrix's wrist, preventingher from touching the Mark. "I shallsummonhim, Bella.
Potter has been brought to myhouse, and itis therefore upon my authority ­"
"Your authority!" she sneered, attempting to wrench her hand fromhis grasp.
"Youlost your authority when youlost your wand, Lucius! How dare you! Take your
hands offme!"
"Thisis nothing to do withyou, you did not capture the boy ­"
"Beggingyour pardon, Mr. Malfoy,"interjected Greyback, "butit's us that caught
Potter, and it's us that'llbe claiming the gold ­"
"Gold!"laughed Bellatrix, stillattempting to throw offher brother-in-law, her
free hand gropinginher pocket for her wand. "Take your gold, filthy scavenger, what do
I want withgold? I seek only the honor of his ­ of ­"
She stopped struggling, her dark eyes fixed upon something Harry could not see.
Jubilant at her capitulation, Lucius threw her hand fromhim and ripped up his own sleeve
­
"STOP!" shrieked Bellatrix, "Do not touch it, we shallall perishif the Dark Lord
comes now!"
Luciusfroze, hisindexfinger hovering over his own Mark. Bellatrix strode out of
Harry's limited line ofvision.
"Whatis that?"he heard her say.
"Sword,"grunted an out-of-sight Snatcher.
"Giveit to me."
"It's not yours, missus, it's mine, I reckon I found it."
There was a bang and a flash of red light; Harry knew that the Snatcher had been
Stunned. There was a roar of anger fromhis fellows: Scabior drew his wand.
"What d'you think you're playing at, woman?"
"Stupefy!" she screamed, "Stupefy!"
They were no matchfor her, even thought there were four of them against one of
her: She was a witch, as Harry knew, with prodigious skilland no conscience. They fell
where they stood, allexcept Greyback, who had been forced into a kneeling position, his

arms outstretched. Out of the corners of his eyes Harry saw Bellatrix bearing down upon
the werewolf, the sword of Gryffindor gripped tightlyinher hand, her face waxen.
"Where did youget this sword?" she whispered to Greyback as she pulled his
wand out of his unresistinggrip.
"How dare you?"he snarled, his mouth the only thing that could move as he was
forced to gaze up at her. He bared his pointed teeth. "Releaseme, woman!"
"Where did youfind this sword?" she repeated, brandishingitinhisface, "Snape
sentit to myvaultin Gringotts!"
"It was in their tent," rasped Greyback. "Releaseme, I say!"
She waved her wand, and the werewolfsprang to his feet, but appeared too wary
to approach her. He prowled behind an armchair, hisfilthy curved nails clutchingits back.
"Draco, move this scum outside," said Bellatrix, indicating the unconscious men.
"Ifyou haven't got the guts to finish them, then leave themin the courtyard for me."
"Don't you dare speak to Draco like ­" said Narcissa furiously, but Bellatrix
screamed.
"Be quiet! The situationis graver than you can possiblyimagine, Cissy! We have
a very serious problem!"
She stood, panting slightly,looking down at the sword, examiningits hilt. Then
she turned to look at the silent prisoners.
"Ifitisindeed Potter, hemustnot be harmed," shemuttered, more to herself than
to the others. "The Dark Lord wishes to dispose of Potter himself. . . . Butifhefinds
out . . . I must . . . I must know. . . ."
She turned back to her sister again.
"The prisoners must be placed in the cellar, while I think what to do!"
"Thisis myhouse, Bella, you don't give orders inmy ­"
"Do it! You have no idea of the danger we'rein!" shrieked Bellatrix. Shelooked
frightening, mad; a thin stream offireissued fromher wand and burned a holein the
carpet.
Narcissa hesitated for amoment, then addressed the werewolf.
"Take these prisoners down to the cellar, Greyback."
"Wait," said Bellatrix sharply. "All except. . . . exceptfor the Mudblood."
Greyback gave a grunt of pleasure.
"No!" shouted Ron. "You can haveme, keep me!"
Bellatrixhithim across theface: the blow echoed around the room.
"If she dies under questioning, I'lltake you next," she said. "Blood traitor is next
to Mudblood inmy book. Take them downstairs, Greyback, and make sure they are

secure, but do nothingmore to them ­ yet."
She threw Greyback's wand back to him, then took a short silver knifefromunder
her robes. She cut Hermionefree from the other prisoners, then dragged her by the hair
into themiddle of the room, while Greyback forced the rest of themto shuffle across to
another door, into a dark passageway, his wand held outinfront ofhim, projecting an
invisible and irresistibleforce.
"Reckon she'llletme have a bit of the girlwhen she's finished withher?"
Greyback crooned as heforced them along the corridor. "I'd say I'llget a bite or two,
wouldn't you, ginger?"
Harry could feelRon shaking. They were forced down a steep flight of stairs, still
tied back-to-back and in danger of slipping and breaking their necks at anymoment. At
the bottomwas a heavy door. Greyback unlocked it with a tap of his wand, then forced
theminto a dank and musty room and left themin total darkness. The echoing bang of the
slammed cellar door had not died away before there was a terrible, drawn out scream
from directly above them.
"HERMIONE!" Ron bellowed, and he started to writhe and struggle against the
ropes tying them together, so that Harry staggered. "HERMIONE!"
"Be quiet!" Harry said. "Shutup. Ron, we need to work out a way ­"
"HERMIONE! HERMIONE!"
"We need a plan, stop yelling ­ we need to get these ropes off ­"
"Harry?" came a whisper through the darkness. "Ron? Is that you?"
Ron stopped shouting. There was a sound ofmovement close by them, then Harry
saw a shadow moving closer.
"Harry? Ron?"
"Luna?"
"Yes, it's me! Oh no, I didn't want you to be caught!"
"Luna, can you help us get these ropes off?" said Harry.
"Oh yes, I expect so. . . . There's an old nailwe useif we need to break
anything. . . . Just a moment . . ."
Hermione screamed againfrom overhead, and they could hear Bellatrix
screaming too, but her words were inaudible, for Ron shouted again, "HERMIONE!
HERMIONE!"
"Mr. Ollivander?" Harry could hear Luna saying. "Mr. Ollivander, have you got
the nail? Ifyou justmove over a little bit. . . I think it was beside the water jug."
She was back within seconds.
"You'llneed to stay still," she said.

Harry could feelher digging at the rope's toughfibers to work the knots free.
Fromupstairs theyheard Bellatrix's voice.
"I'mgoing to ask you again! Where did youget this sword? Where?"
"Wefound it ­ we found it ­ PLEASE!"Hermione screamed again; Ron
struggled harder than ever, and the rusty nailslipped onto Harry's wrist.
"Ron, please stay still!"Luna whispered. "I can't see what I'm doing ­"
"My pocket!" said Ron, "Inmy pocket, there's a Deluminator, and it's fullof
light!"
A few seconds later, there was a click, and theluminescent spheres the
Deluminator had sucked from thelamps inthe tentflew into the cellar:Unable to rejoin
their sources, they simplyhung there, like tiny suns, flooding the underground roomwith
light. Harry saw Luna, all eyes inher whiteface, and themotionless figure of Ollivander
the wandmaker, curled up on thefloor inthe corner. Craning around, he caught sight of
their fellow prisoners:Dean and Griphook the goblin, who seemed barely conscious, kept
standing by the ropes that bound himto the humans.
"Oh, that's much easier, thanks, Ron," said Luna, and she began hacking at their
bindings again. "Hello, Dean!"
From above came Bellatrix's voice.
"You're lying,filthy Mudblood, and I know it! You have been inside myvault at
Gringotts! Tellthe truth, tell the truth!"
Another terrible scream­
"HERMIONE!"
"What else did you take? What else have you got? Telme the truth or, I swear, I
shallrunyou through with this knife!"
"There!"
Harryfelt the ropes fall away and turned, rubbinghis wrists, to see Ron running
around the cellar, lookingup at thelow ceiling, searchingfor a trapdoor. Dean, his face
bruised and bloody, said "Thanks" to Luna and stood there, shivering, but Griphook sank
onto the cellar floor, lookinggroggy and disoriented, many welts across his swarthyface.
Ron was now trying to Disapparate without a wand.
"There's no way out, Ron," said Luna, watchinghisfruitless efforts. "The cellar
is completely escape-proof. I tried, atfirst. Mr. Ollivander has been here for along time,
he's tried everything."
Hermione was screaming again:The sound went through Harrylike physical pain.
Barely conscious of thefierce prickling ofhis scar, he too started to run around the cellar,
feeling the wallsfor he hardly knew what, knowinginhis heart thatit was useless.

"What else did you take, what else? ANSWER ME! CRUCIO!"
Hermione's screams echoed off the walls upstairs, Ron was halfsobbing as he
pounded the walls withhis fists, and Harryinutter desperation seized Hagrid's pouch
from around hisneck and groped insideit:He pulled out Dumbledore's Snitch and shook
it, hopingfor he did not know what ­ nothinghappened ­ he waved the broken halves of
the phoenix wand, but they werelifeless ­ themirror fragmentfellsparkling to thefloor,
and he saw a gleam of brightest blue ­
Dumbledore's eye was gazing at himout of themirror.
"Help us!"he yelled atitinmad desperation. "We're in the cellar of Malfoy
Manor, help us!"
The eye blinked and was gone.
Harry was not even sure thatithad really been there. He tilted the shard ofmirror
this way and that, and saw nothing reflected there but the walls and ceiling of their prison,
and upstairs Hermione was screaming worse than ever, and next to himRon was
bellowing, "HERMIONE! HERMIONE!"
"How did you getinto myvault?" they heard Bellatrix scream. "Did that dirty
little goblinin the cellar help you?"
"We onlymet himtonight!" Hermione sobbed. "We've never been inside your
vault. . . . Itisn't the real sword! It's a copy, just a copy!"
"A copy?" screeched Bellatrix. "Oh, a likely story!"
"But we can find out easily!" came Lucius's voice. "Draco, fetch the goblin,he
can tellus whether the sword is real or not!"
Harry dashed across the cellar to where Griphook was huddled on thefloor.
"Griphook,"he whispered into the goblin's pointed ear, "youmust tellthem that
sword's a fake, they mustn't know it's the real one, Griphook, please ­"
He could hear someone scuttling own the cellar steps; nextmoment, Draco's
shakingvoice spoke from behind the door.
"Stand back. Line up against the back wall. Don't try anything, or I'll killyou!"
They did as they were bidden; as thelock turned, Ron clicked the Deluminator
and thelights whisked back into his pocket, restoring the cellar's darkness. The door flew
open; Malfoymarched inside, wand held outinfront of him, pale and determined. He
seized thelittle goblin by the arm and backed out again, dragging Griphook with him.
The door slammed shut and at the same moment aloud crack echoed inside the cellar.
Ron clicked the Deluminator. Three balls oflightflew back into the airfromhis
pocket, revealing Dobby the house-elf, who had just Apparated into theirmidst.
"DOB ­ !"

Harry hitRon on the arm to stop himshouting, and Ronlooked terrified at his
mistake. Footsteps crossed the ceiling overhead:Draco marching Griphook to Bellatrix.
Dobby's enormous, tennis-ballshaped eyes were wide; he was tremblingfromhis
feet to the tips of his ears. He was back in the home ofhis old masters, and it was clear
thathe was petrified.
"Harry Potter,"he squeaked in the tiniest quiver of a voice, "Dobby has come to
rescue you."
"Buthow did you ­ ?"
An awfulscream drowned Harry's words:Hermione was being tortured again. He
cut to the essentials.
"You can Disapparate out of this cellar?"he asked Dobby, who nodded, his ears
flapping.
"And you can take humans withyou?"
Dobby nodded again.
"Right. Dobby, I want you to grab Luna, Dean, and Mr. Ollivander, and take them
­ take themto ­"
"Billand Fleur's," said Ron. "Shell Cottage on the outskirts of Tinworth!"
The elfnodded for a third time.
"And then come back," said Harry. "Canyou do that, Dobby?"
"Of course, Harry Potter,"whispered the little elf. He hurried over to Mr.
Ollivander, who appeared to be barely conscious. He took one of the wandmaker's
hands
inhis own, then held out the other to Luna and Dean, neither of whommoved.
"Harry, we want to help you!" Luna whispered.
"We can'tleave you here," said Dean.
"Go, both ofyou! We'llsee you at Billand Fleur's."
As Harry spoke, his scar burned worse than ever, and for afew seconds helooked
down, not upon the wandmaker, but on another man who was just as old, just as thin, but
laughing scornfully.
"Kill me, then. Voldemort, I welcome death! But my death will not bring you what
you seek. . . . There is so much you do not understand. . ."
He feltVoldemort's fury, but as Hermione screamed againhe shutit out,
returning to the cellar and the horror ofhis own present.
"Go!" Harry beseeched to Luna and Dean. "Go! We'llfollow, just go!"
They caughthold of the elf's outstretched fingers. There was another loud crack,
and Dobby, Luna, Dean, and Ollivander vanished.

"What was that?" shouted Lucius Malfoyfrom over theirheads. "Did you hear
that? What was that noisein the cellar?"
Harry and Ron stared at each other.
"Draco ­ no, call Wormtail! Make himgo and check!"
Footsteps crossed the room overhead, then there was silence. Harry knew that the
peoplein the drawing room were listeningfor more noises from the cellar.
"We're going to have to try and tackle him,"he whispered to Ron. They had no
choice: Themoment anyone entered the room and saw the absence of three prisoners,
they werelost. "Leave thelights on,"Harry added, and as they heard someone
descending the steps outside the door, they backed against the wall on either side ofit.
"Stand back," came Wormtail's voice. "Stand awayfromthe door. I'm coming
in."
The door flew open. For a split second Wormtailgazed into the apparently empty cellar,
ablaze withlightfromthe three miniature suns floatinginmidair. Then Harry and Ron
launched themselves upon him. Ron seized Wormtail's wand arm and forced itupwards.
Harry slapped a hand to hismouth, mufflinghis voice. Silently they struggled:
Wormtail's wand emitted sparks; his silver hand closed around Harry's throat.
"Whatis it, Wormtail?" called Lucius Malfoyfrom above.
"Nothing!"Ron called back, in a passable imitation of Wormtail's wheezyvoice.
"Allfine!"
Harry could barely breathe.
"You're going to killme?" Harry choked, attempting to prise off themetalfingers.
"After I saved your life? You owe me, Wormtail!"
The silver fingers slackened. Harryhad not expected it:He wrenched himselffree,
astonished, keepinghis hand over Wormtail's mouth. He saw the ratlike man's small
watery eyes widen withfear and surprise:He seemed just as shocked as Harry at what
his
hand had done, at the tiny, mercifulimpulseithad betrayed, and he continued to struggle
more powerfully, as though to undo that moment of weakness.
"And we'llhave that," whispered Ron, tugging Wormtail's wand fromhis other
hand.
Wandless, helpless, Pettigrew's pupils dilated in terror. His eyes had slid from
Harry's face to something else. His own silver fingers were movinginexorably toward
his own throat.
"No ­"
Without pausing to think, Harry tried to drag back the hand, but there was no

stoppingit. The silver tool that Voldemort had givenhismost cowardly servanthad
turned uponits disarmed and useless owner; Pettigrew was reapinghis reward for his
hesitation, his moment of pity;he was beingstrangled before their eyes.
"No!"
Ron had released Wormtailtoo, and together he and Harry tried to pullthe
crushingmetalfingers from around Wormtail's throat, butit was no use. Pettigrew was
turning blue.
"Relashio!"said Ron, pointing the wand at the silver hand, but nothinghappened;
Pettigrew dropped to his knees, and at the samemoment, Hermione gave a dreadful
screamfrom overhead. Wormtail's eyes rolled upward inhis purpleface; he gave a last
twitch, and was still.
Harry and Ronlooked at each other, thenleaving Wormtail's body on thefloor
behind them, ran up the stairs and back into the shadowy passagewayleading to the
drawing room. Cautiously they crept alongituntilthey reached the drawing room door,
which was ajar. Now they had a clear view of Bellatrixlooking down at Griphook, who
was holding Gryffindor's sword inhislong-fingered hands. Hermione was lying at
Bellatrix's feet. She was barely stirring.
"Well?"Bellatrix said to Griphook. "Is itthe true sword?"
Harry waited, holdinghis breath, fighting against the prickling ofhis scar.
"No," said Griphook. "Itis afake."
"Are you sure?" panted Bellatrix. "Quite sure?"
"Yes," said the goblin.
Relief broke across her face, alltension drained fromit.
"Good," she said, and with a casualflick ofher wand she slashed another deep cut
into the goblin's face, and he dropped with a yell ather feet. She kicked himaside. "And
now," she said in a voice that burst with triumph, "we callthe Dark Lord!"
And she pushed back her sleeve and touched her forefinger to the Dark Mark.
At once, Harry's scar felt as thoughithad split open again. His true surroundings
vanished:He was Voldemort, and the skeletalwizard before himwas laughing
toothlessly at him;he was enraged at the summons hefelt ­ he had warned them,he had
told them to summon himfor nothingless than Potter. If they were mistaken . . .
"Kill me, then!" demanded the old man. "You will not win, you cannot win!That
wand will never, ever be yours ­"
And Voldemort's fury broke: A burst of green lightfilled the prison room and the
frailold body was lifted fromits hard bed and then fell back, lifeless, and Voldemort
returned to the window, his wrath barely controllable. . . . They would suffer his

retributionif they had no good reason for callinghimback. . . .
"And I think," said Bellatrix's voice, "we can dispose of the Mudblood. Greyback,
take her ifyou want her."
"NOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Ron had burstinto the drawing room; Bellatrixlooked around, shocked; she
turned her wand to face Ron instead ­
"Expelliarmus!"he roared, pointing Wormtail's wand at Bellatrix, and hers flew
into the air and was caught by Harry, who had sprinted after Ron. Lucius, Narcissa,
Draco and Greyback wheeled about; Harry yelled, "Stupefy!" and Lucius Malfoy
collapsed onto the hearth. Jets oflightflew fromDraco's, Narcissa's, and Greyback's
wands; Harry threw himself to thefloor, rolling behind a sofa to avoid them.
"STOP OR SHE DIES!
Panting, Harry peered around the edge of the sofa. Bellatrix was supporting
Hermione, who seemed to be unconscious, and was holdingher short silver knifeto
Hermione's throat.
"Drop your wands," she whispered. "Drop them, or we'llsee exactlyhow filthy
her blood is!"
Ron stood rigid, clutching Wormtail's wand. Harry straightened up, stillholding
Bellatrix's.
"I said, drop them!" she screeched, pressing the blade into Hermione's throat:
Harry saw beads of blood appear there.
"Allright!"he shouted, and he dropped Bellatrix's wand onto thefloor at hisfeet,
Ron did the same with Wormtail's. Both raised theirhands to shoulder height.
"Good!" sheleered. "Draco, pick themup! The Dark Lord is coming, Harry
Potter! Your death approaches!"
Harry knew it;his scar was bursting with the pain ofit, and he could feel
Voldemortflying through the sky fromfar away, over a dark and stormy sea, and soon he
would be close enough to Apparate to them, and Harry could see no way out.
"Now," said Bellatrix softly, as Draco hurried back to her with the wands. "Cissy,
I think we ought to tie theselittle heroes up again, whileGreyback takes care of Miss
Mudblood. I am sure the Dark Lord willnot begrudge you the girl, Greyback, after what
youhave done tonight."
At thelast word there was a peculiar grindingnoisefrom above. All of them
looked upward in time to see the crystal chandelier tremble; then, with a creak and an
ominous jingling, it began to fall. Bellatrixwas directly beneathit; dropping Hermione,
she threw herself aside with a scream. The chandelier crashed to thefloor in an explosion

of crystal and chains, falling on top of Hermione and the goblin, who still clutched the
sword of Gryffindor. Glittering shards of crystalflewin all directions; Draco doubled
over, his hands coveringhis bloodyface.
As Ron ran to pullHermione out of the wreckage, Harry took the chance:He
leapt over an armchair and wrested the three wands fromDraco's grip, pointed allof
them at Greyback, and yelled, "Stupefy!"The werewolf was lifted offhis feet by the
triple spell,flewup to the ceiling and then smashed to the ground.
As Narcissa dragged Draco out of the way offurther harm, Bellatrix sprang to her
feet, her hair flying as she brandished the silver knife; but Narcissa had directed her wand
at the doorway.
"Dobby!" she screamed and even Bellatrixfroze. "You! You dropped the
chandelier ­ ?"
The tiny elf trotted into the room, his shakingfinger pointing at his old mistress.
"You mustnot hurt Harry Potter,"he squeaked.
"Killhim, Cissy!" shrieked Bellatrix, but there was another loud crack, and
Narcissa's wand too flew into the air and landed on the other side of the room.
"You dirty littlemonkey!" bawled Bellatrix. "How dare you take a witch's wand,
how dare you defyyour masters?"
"Dobby has no master!" squealed the elf. "Dobbyis a free elf, and Dobby has
come to save Harry Potter and his friends!"
Harry's scar was blindinghimwith pain. Dimlyhe knew that they had moments,
seconds before Voldemort was with them.
"Ron, catch ­ and GO!"he yelled, throwing one of the wands to him; then he bent
down to tug Griphook outfromunder the chandelier. Hoisting the groaninggoblin, who
stillclung to the sword, over one shoulder, Harry seized Dobby's hand and spun on the
spot to Disapparate.
As he turned into darkness he caught one last view of the drawing room of the
pale, frozenfigures of Narcissa and Draco, of the streak of red that was Ron's hair, and a
blue offlying silver, as Bellatrix's knifeflew across the room at the place where he was
vanishing ­
Bill and Fleur's . . . Shell Cottage . . . Bill and Fleur's . . .
He had disappeared into the unknown; allhe could do was repeat the name of the
destination and hope thatitwould suffice to take himthere. The paininhisforehead
pierced him, and the weight of the goblinbore downupon him;he could feel the blade of
Gryffindor's sword bumping against his back: Dobby's hand jerked inhis; he wondered
whether the elf was trying to take charge, to pullthemin the right direction, and tried, by

squeezing thefingers, to indicate that that was fine with them. . . .
And then they hit solid earth and smelled salty air. Harry fellto his knees,
relinquished Dobby's hand, and attempted to lower Griphook gently to the ground.
"Are you allright?"he said as the goblinstirred, but Griphook merely whimpered.
Harry squinted around through the darkness. There seemed to be a cottage a short
way away under the wide starry sky, and he thoughthe saw movement outsideit.
"Dobby, is this Shell Cottage?"he whispered, clutching the two wands he had
broughtfromthe Malfoys', ready to fightifhe needed to. "Have we come to the right
place? Dobby?"
He looked around. Thelittle elf stood feetfromhim.
"DOBBY!"
The elfswayed slightly, stars reflected in his wide, shining eyes. Together, he and
Harrylooked down at the silver hilt of the knife protrudingfromthe elf's heavingchest.
"Dobby ­ no ­ HELP!" Harry bellowed toward the cottage, toward the people
moving there. "HELP!"
He did not know or care whether they were wizards or Muggles, friends or foes;
allhe cared about was that a dark stain was spreading across Dobby's front, and thathe
had stretched out his own arms to Harry with alook of supplication. Harry caught him
and laid himsideways on the coolgrass.
"Dobby, no, don't die, don't die ­"
The elf's eyes found him, and hislips trembled with the effort to formwords.
"Harry . . . Potter . . ."
And then with alittle shudder the elf became quite still, and his eyes were nothing
more than great glassy orbs, sprinkled withlightfrom the stars they could not see."

Chapter Twenty-Four
The Wandmaker

It was like sinkinginto an old nightmare; for aninstant Harry knelt again beside
Dumbledore's body at thefoot of the tallest tower at Hogwarts, butin realityhe was
staring at a tiny body curled upon the grass, pierced by Bellatrix's silver knife. Harry's
voice was stillsaying, "Dobby...Dobby..." even thoughhe knew that the elfhad gone
where he could not callhim back.
After aminute or so he realized that theyhad, after all, come to the right place, for
here were Billand Fleur, Dean and Luna, gathering around him as he knelt over the elf.
"Hermione,"he said suddenly. "Where is she?"
"Ron's taken her inside," said Bill. "She'llbe allright." Harrylooked back down at
Dobby. He stretched out a hand and pulled the sharp blade from the elf's body, then
dragged offhis own jacket and covered Dobby initlike a blanket.
The sea was rushing against the rock somewhere nearby; Harry listened to it
while the others talked, discussingmatters in which he could take no interest, making
decisions, Dean carried theinjured Griphook into the house, Fleur hurrying with them;
now Billwas really knowing what he was saying. As he did so, he gazed down at the
tiny body, and his scar prickled and burned, and in one part of hismind, viewed as if
fromthe wrong end of a long telescope, he saw Voldemort punishing those they had left
behind at the Malfoy Manor. His rage was dreadfuland yet Harry's grieffor Dobby
seemed to diminishit, so thatit became a distant storm that reached Harryfromacross a
vast, silent ocean.
"I want to do it properly,"were thefirst words of which Harry was fully
conscious of speaking. "Not by magic. Have yougot a spade?" And shortly afterward he
had set to work, alone, digging the gravein the place that Billhad shownhimat the end
of the garden, between bushes. He dug with a kind offury, relishing themanualwork,
gloryingin the non-magic ofit, for every drop of his sweat and every blister feltlike a
giftto the elf who had saved theirlives.
His scar burned, but he was master of the pain, hefeltit, yet was apart fromit.
He had learned control atlast, learned to shuthismind to Voldemort, the very thing
Dumbledore had wanted himto learnfromSnape. Just as Voldemort had not been able
to possess Harry whileHarry was consumed withgrieffor Sirius, so his thoughts could
not penetrate Harrynow whilehemourned Dobby. Grief, it seemed, drove Voldemort
out...though Dumbledore, of course, would have said thatit was love.

On Harry dug, deeper and deeper into the hard, cold earth, subsuminghis griefin
sweat, denying the paininhis scar. In the darkness, withnothing but the sound ofhis
own breath and the rushing sea to keep himcompany, the things that had happened at the
Malfoys' returned to him, the things he had heard came back to him, and understanding
blossomed in the darkness...
The steady rhythm ofhis arms beat timewithhis thoughts.
Hallows...Horcruxes...Hallows...Horcruxes...yet no longer burned with that weird,
obsessivelonging. Loss and fear had snuffed it out. Hefelt as thoughhe had been
slapped awake again.
Deeper and deeper Harry sank into the grave, and he knew where Voldemort had
been tonight, and whomhe had killed inthe topmost cellof Nurmengard, and why...
And he thought of Wormtail, dead because of one smallunconscious impulse of
mercy...Dumbledore had foreseen that...How muchmore had he known?
Harry lost track of time. He knew only that the darkness had lightened a few
degrees when he was rejoined by Ron and Dean. "How's Hermione?" "Better," said
Ron. "Fleur's looking after her." Harry had his retort ready for when they asked him
whyhe had not simply created a perfect grave withhis wand, but he did not need it.
They jumped down into the hole he had made with spades of their own and together they
worked in silence untilthe hole seemed deep enough.
Harry wrapped the elfmore snugglyinhis jacket. Ron sat on the edge of the
grave and stripped offhis shoes and socks, whichhe placed on the elf's bare feet. Dean
produced a woolen hat, which Harry placed carefullyupon Dobby's head, mufflinghis
batlike ears. "We should close his eyes."
Harry had not heard the others coming through the darkness. Billwas wearing a
traveling cloak, Fleur alarge white apron, from the pocket of which protruded a bottle of
what Harry recognized to be Skele-Gro. Hermione was wrapped in a borrowed dressing
gown, pale and unsteady on her feet; Ron put an arm around her when she reached him.
Luna, who was huddled in one of Fleur's coats, crouched down and placed her fingers
tenderlyupon each of the elf's eyelids, sliding them over hisglassy stare. "There," she
said softly. "Now he could be sleeping."
Harry placed the elfinto the grave, arranged his tinylimbs so that hemighthave
been resting, then climbed out and gazed for thelast timeupon thelittle body. Heforced
himselfnot to break down as he remembered Dumbledore's funeral, and the rows and
rows ofgolden chairs, and the Minister of Magicin thefront row, the recitation of
Dumbledore's achievements, the stateliness of the whitemarble tomb. Hefelt that
Dobby deserved just as grand a funeral, and yet here the elflay between bushes in a

roughly dughole. "I think we ought to say something," piped up Luna. "I'llgo first,
shallI?"
And as everybodylooked at her, she addressed the dead elf at the bottom of the
grave. "Thank you so much Dobby for rescuingmefrom that cellar. It's so unfair that
youhad to die when you were so good and brave. I'llalways remember what you did for
us. I hope you're happy now."
She turned and looked expectingly at Ron, who cleared his throat and said in a
thick voice, "yeah...thanks Dobby." "Thanks,"muttered Dean. Harry swallowed.
"Good bye Dobby,"he said It was allhe could manage, but Luna had said it allfor him.
Billraised his wand, and the pile of earth beside the grave rose up into the air and fell
neatlyupon it, a small, reddish mound. "D'yamind if I stay here a moment?" He asked
the others.
Theymurmured words he did not catch;he feltgentle pats upon his back, and
then they alltraipsed back toward the cottage, leaving Harry alone beside the elf.
Helooked around:There were a number of large white stones, smoothed by the
sea, marking the edge of theflower beds. He picked up one of thelargest and laid it,
pillowlike, over the place where Dobby's head now rested. He thenfeltinhis pocket for
a wand. There were two in there. He had forgotten, lost track; he could not now
remember whose wands these were; he seemed to remember wrenching them out of
someone's hand. He selected the shorter of the two, whichfeltfriendlier inhis hand, and
pointed it at the rock.
Slowly, under hismurmured instruction, deep cuts appeared upon the rock's
surface. He knew that Hermione could have done itmore neatly, and probably more
quickly, buthe wanted to mark the spot as he had wanted to dig the grave. When Harry
stood up again, the stone read:HERELIES DOBBY, A FREEELF.
Helooked at his handiwork for afew more seconds, then walked away, his scar
stillprickling alittle, and his mind fullof those things that had come to himin the grave,
ideas that had taken shape in the darkness, ideas both fascinating and terrible.
They were allsittingin theliving room when he entered thelittle hall, their
attention focused upon Bill, who was talking. The room was light-colored, pretty, with a
smallfire of driftwood burning brightlyinthefireplace. Harry did not want to drop mud
upon the carpet, so he stood in the doorway, listening.
"...lucky that Ginny's on holiday. If she'd been at Hogwarts they could have
taken her before we reached her. Now we know she's safe too." Helooked around and
saw Harry standing there. "I've been getting them all out of the Burrow,"he explained.
"Moved themto Muriel's. The Death Eaters know Ron's withyou now, they're bound

to
target thefamily ­don't apologize,"he added at the sight of Harry's expression. "It was
always amatter of time, Dad's been saying so for months. We're the biggest blood
traitor family there is."
"How are they protected?" asked Harry. "Fidelius Charm. Dad's Secret-Keeper.
And we've doneit on this cottage too; I'mSecret-Keeper here. None of us can go to
work, but that's hardly themostimportant thingnow. Once Ollivander and Griphook are
well enough, we'llmove themto Muriel's too. Thereisn'tmuch roomhere, but she's got
plenty. Griphook's legs are on themend. Fleur's given him Skele-Gro-we could
probablymove themin an hour or--"
"No," Harry said and Billlooked startled. "I need both of themhere. I need to
talk to them. It's important." He heard the authority of his own voice, the conviction, the
voice of purpose that had come to him as he dug Dobby's grave. Allof their faces were
turned toward himlooking puzzled.
"I'mgoing to wash," Harry told Billlooking down at his hands stillcovered with
mud and Dobby's blood. "Then I'llneed to see them, straight away."He walked into the
little kitchen, to the basin beneath a window overlooking the sea. Dawn was breaking
over the horizon, shellpink and faintlygold, as he washed, againfollowing the train of
thought thathad come to himin the dark garden...
Dobby would never be able to tellthemwho had sent himto the cellar, but Harry
knew what he had seen. A piercing blue eye had looked out of themirror fragment, and
then help had come. Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.
Harry dried hishands, impervious to the beauty of the scene outside the window
and to themurmuring of the others in the sitting room. He looked out over the ocean and
felt closer, this dawn, than ever before, closer to the heart of it all.
And stillhis scar prickled, and he knew that Voldemort was getting there too.
Harry understood and yet did not understand. Hisinstinct was tellinghim one thing, his
brain quite another. The Dumbledore in Harry's head smiled, surveying Harry over the
tips of his fingers, pressed together as ifin prayer.
You gave Ron the Deluminator...You understood him...You gave him a way
back...
And you understood Wormtail too...You knew there was a bit of regret there,
somewhere...
And if you knew them...What did you know about me, Dumbledore?
Am I meant to know but not to seek? Did you know how hard I'd feel that? Is
that why you made it this difficult? So I'd have time to work that out?

Harry stood quite still, eyes glazed, watching the place where a brightgold ray of
dazzling sun was rising over the horizon. Thenhelooked down at his clean hands and
was momentarilysurprised to see the cloth he was holdingin them. He set it down and
returned to the hall, and as he did so, he felthis scar pulse angrily, and thenflashed
across hismind, swift as the reflection of a dragonfly over water, the outline of a building
he knew extremely well.
Billand Fleur were standing at thefoot of the stairs.
"I need to speak to Griphook and Ollivander," Harry said.
"No," said Fleur. "You will`ave to wait, `Arry. Zey are both too tired ­"
"I'm sorry,"he said withoutheat, "butit can't wait. I need to talk to themnow.
Privately ­ and separately. It's urgent."
"Harry, what the hell's going on?" asked Bill."You turn up here with a dead
house-elf and a half-conscious goblin, Hermionelooks as though she's been tortured, and
Ron's just refused to tellme anything ­"
"We can't tellyou what we're doing," said Harry flatly. "You're in the Order, Bill,
you know Dumbledore leftus a mission. We're not supposed to talk aboutit to anyone
else."
Fleur made animpatientnoise, but Billdid notlook at her; he was staring at
Harry. His deeply scarred face was hard to read. Finally, Billsaid, "Allright. Who do
you want to talk to first?"
Harry hesitated. He knew what hung onhis decision. There was hardly any time
left;now was themoment to decide:Horcruxes or Hallows?
"Griphook," Harry said. "I'llspeak to Griphook first."
His heart was racing as ifhehad been sprinting and had just cleared an enormous
obstacle.
"Up here, then," said Bill,leading the way.
Harry had walked up several steps before stopping and looking back.
"I need you two as well!"he called to Ron and Hermione, who had been skulking,
half concealed, in the doorway of the sittingroom.
They bothmoved into thelight, lookingoddly relieved.
"How are you?" Harry asked Hermione. "You were amazing ­ comingup with
that story when she was hurtingyoulike that ­"
Hermione gave a weak smile as Ron gave her a one-armed squeeze.
"What are we doingnow, Harry?"he asked.
"You'llsee. Come on."
Harry, Ron, and Hermionefollowed Billup the steep stairs onto a smalllanding.

Three doors led offit.
"Inhere," said Bill, opening the door into his and Fleur's room, it too had a view
of the sea, now flecked withgold in the sunrise. Harrymoved to the window, turned his
back on the spectacular view, and waited, his arms folded, his scar prickling. Hermione
took the chair beside the dressing table; Ron sat on the arm.
Billreappeared, carrying thelittlegoblin, whomhe set down carefullyupon the
bed. Griphook grunted thanks, and Billleft, closing the door upon them all.
"I'm sorry to take you out of bed," said Harry. "How are your legs?"
"Painful,"replied the goblin. "Butmending."
He was stillclutching the sword of Gryffindor, and wore a strangelook:half
truculent, halfintrigued. Harrynoted the goblin's sallow skin, his long thinfingers, his
black eyes. Fleur had removed his shoes:His longfeet were dirty. He was larger than a
house-elf, butnot by much. His domed head was much bigger than a human's.
"You probably don't remember ­" Harry began.
"--that I was the goblin who showed you to your vault, thefirst timeyou ever
visited Gringotts?" said Griphook. "I remember, Harry Potter. Even amongstgoblins, you
are veryfamous."
Harry and the goblinlooked at each other, sizing each other up. Harry's scar was
stillprickling. He wanted to get through thisinterview with Griphook quickly, and at the
same time was afraid ofmaking a false move. Whilehe tried to decide on the best way to
approach his request, the goblin broke the silence.
"You buried the elf,"he said, sounding unexpectedly rancorous. "I watched you
fromthe window of the bedroomnext door."
"Yes," said Harry.
Griphook looked at himout of the corners ofhis slanting black eyes.
"You are an unusualwizard, Harry Potter."
"In what way?" asked Harry, rubbinghis scar absently.
"You dug the grave."
"So?"
Griphook did not answer. Harry rather thoughthe was being sneered at for acting
like a Muggle, butit did notmatter to himwhether Griphook approved of Dobby's grave
or not. He gathered himselffor the attack.
"Griphook, I need to ask ­"
"You also rescued a goblin."
"What?"
"You broughtme here. Saved me."

"Well, I take ityou're not sorry?" said Harry alittleimpatiently.
"No, Harry Potter," said Griphook, and with onefinger he twisted the thin black
beard upon his chin, "but you are a very odd wizard."
"Right," said Harry. "Well, I need somehelp, Griphook, and you can giveit to
me."
The goblinmade no sign of encouragement, but continued to frown at Harry as
thoughhehad never seen anythinglike him.
"I need to break into a Gringotts vault."
Harry had notmeant to sayit so badly:the words were forced fromhimas pain
shot throughhislightning scar and he saw, again, the outline of Hogwarts. He closed his
mind firmly. He needed to dealwith Griphook first. Ron and Hermione were staring at
Harry as thoughhe had gonemad.
"Harry ­" said Hermione, but she was cut off by Griphook.
"Break into a Gringotts vault?" repeated the goblin, wincing a little as he shifted
his position upon the bed. "Itisimpossible."
"No, itisn't," Ron contradicted him."It's been done."
"Yeah," said Harry. "The same day I firstmet you, Griphook. My birthday, seven
years ago."
"The vaultin question was empty at the time," snapped the goblin, and Harry
understood that even though Griphook had let Gringotts, he was offended at theidea of
its defenses being breached. "Its protection was minimal."
"Well, the vault we need to getinto isn't empty, and I'mguessingits protection
willbe pretty powerful," said Harry. "It belongs to the Lestranges."
He saw Hermione and Ronlook at each other, astonished, but there would be time
enough to explain after Griphook had given his answer.
"You have no chance," said Griphook flatly. "No chance at all. If you seek
beneath our floors, a treasure that was never yours ­"
"Thief, you have been warned, beware ­ yeah, I know, I remember," said Harry.
"But I'mnot trying to getmyself any treasure, I'mnot trying to take anythingfor
personalgain. Can you believe that?"
The goblinlooked slantwise at Harry, and thelightning scar on Harry's forehead
prickled, butheignored it, refusing to acknowledgeits pain or its invitation.
"If there was a wizard of whom I would believe that they did not seek personal
gain," said Griphook finally,"it would be you, Harry Potter. Goblins and elves are not
used to the protection or the respect thatyou have shown this night. Not fromwand-
carriers."

"Wand-carriers," repeated Harry:The phrase fell oddlyupon his ears as his scar
prickled, as Voldemort turned his thoughts northward, and as Harry burned to question
Ollivander next door.
"The right to carry a wand," said the goblin quietly, "has long been contested
between wizards and goblins."
"Well, goblins can do magic without wands," said Ron.
"Thatisimmaterial! Wizards refuse to share the secrets of wand-lore with other
magical beings, they denyus the possibility of extending our powers!"
"Well, goblins won't share any of their magic either," said Ron. "You won't tell
us how to make swords and armor the way you do. Goblins know how to work metalin
a
way wizards have never ­"
"It doesn'tmatter," said Harry, noting Griphook's rising color. "Thisisn't about
wizards versus goblins or any other sort ofmagical creature ­"
Griphook gave a nastylaugh.
"Butitis, itis precisely that! As the Dark Lord becomes ever more powerful,
your race is set stillmorefirmly abovemine! Gringotts falls under Wizarding rule,
house-elves are slaughtered, and who amongst the wand-carriers protests?"
"We do!" said Hermione. She had sat up straight, her eyes bright. "We protest!
And I'mhunted quite as much as anygoblin or elf, Griphook! I'm a Mudblood!"
"Don't callyourself ­" Ronmuttered.
"Why shouldn't I?" said Hermione. "Mudblood, and proud ofit! I've got no
higher position under this new order thanyou have, Griphook! It was me they chose to
torture, back at the Malfoys!"
As she spoke, she pulled aside the neck of the dressinggown to reveal the thin cut
Bellatrixhad made, scarlet against her throat.
"Did you know thatit was Harry who set Dobby free?" she asked. "Did you know
that we've wanted elves to be freed for years?" (Ronfidgeted uncomfortably on the arm
of Hermione's chair.) "You can't want You-Know-Who defeated more than we do,
Griphook!"
The goblingazed at Hermione with the same curiousityhe had shown Harry.
"What do you seek within the Lestranges' vault?"he asked abruptly. "The sword
thatlies insideitis afake. Thisis the realone." Helooked from one to the other of them.
"I think thatyou already know this. You asked me to liefor you back there."
"But thefake sword isn't the only thingin that vault, is it?" asked Harry. "Perhaps
you've seen other thingsin there?"

His heart was poundingharder than ever. He redoubled his efforts to ignore the
pulsing ofhis scar.
The goblin twisted his beard around his finger again.
"Itis against our code to speak of the secrets of Gringotts. We are the guardians
offabulous treasures. We have a duty to the objects placed in our care, which were, so
often, wrought by our fingers."
The goblin stroked the sword, and his black eyes roved from Harry to Hermione
to Ron and then back again.
"So young,"he said finally, "to be fighting so many."
"Willyou help us?" said Harry. "We haven't got a hope of breakingin without a
goblin's help. You're our one chance."
"I shall . . . think aboutit," said Griphook maddeningly.
"But ­" Ron started angrily; Hermione nudged himin the ribs.
"Thank you," said Harry.
The goblin bowed his great domed head in acknowledgement, thenflexed his
shortlegs.
"I think,"he said, settlinghimself ostentatiouslyupon Billand Fleur's bed, "that
the Skele-Gro has finished its work. I may be able to sleep at last. Forgiveme. . . ."
"Yeah, of course," said Harry, but before leaving the roomheleaned forward and
took the sword of Gryffindor from beside the goblin. Griphook did not protest, butHarry
thoughthe saw resentmentin the goblin's eyes as he closed the door upon him.
"Littlegit," whispered Ron. "He's enjoying keepingus hanging."
"Harry," whispered Hermione, pulling them both awayfrom the door, into the
middle of the still-dark landing, "are you saying what I think you're saying? Are you
saying there's a Horcruxin the Lestranges vault?"
"Yes," said Harry. "Bellatrix was terrified when she thought we'd been in there,
she was beside herself. Why? What did she think we'd seen, what else did she think we
mighthave taken? Something she was petrified You-Know-Who would find out about."
"But I thoughtwe were lookingfor places You-Know-Who's been, places he's
done somethingimportant?" said Ron, looking baffled. "Was he ever inside the
Lestranges' vault?"
"I don't know whether he was ever inside Gringotts," said Harry. "He never had
gold there when he was younger, because nobody lefthim anything. He would have seen
the bank from the outside, though, thefirst timehe ever went to Diagon Alley."
Harry's scar throbbed, but heignored it; he wanted Ron and Hermione to
understand about Gringotts before they spoke to Ollivander.

"I think he would have envied anyone who had a key to a Gringotts vault. I think
he'd have seenit as a real symbol of belonging to the Wizarding world. And don'tforget,
he trusted Bellatrix and her husband. They were his most devoted servants before he fell,
and they wentlookingfor himafter he vanished. He said itnighthe came back, I heard
him."
Harry rubbed his scar.
"I don't think he'd have told Bellatrixitwas a Horcrux, though. He never told
Lucius Malfoy the truth about the diary. He probably told her itwas a treasured
possession and asked her to place itinher vault. The safest placein the world for
anythingyou want to hide, Hagrid told me. . . exceptfor Hogwarts."
When Harry had finished speaking, Ron shook his head.
"You reallyunderstand him."
"Bits of him," said Harry. "Bits . . . I just wish I'd understood Dumbledore as
much. But we'llsee. Come on ­ Ollivander now."
Ron and Hermionelooked bewildered but veryimpressed as theyfollowed him
across thelittlelanding and knocked upon the door opposite Billand Fleur's. A weak
"Comein!" answered them.
The wandmaker was lying on the twin bed farthestfrom the window. He had been
held in the cellar for more than a year, and tortured, Harry knew, on atleast one
occasion.
He was emaciated, the bones of his face sticking out sharply against the yellowish skin.
His great silver eyes seemed vastin their sunken sockets. The hands thatlay upon the
blanket could have belonged to a skeleton. Harry sat down on the empty bed, beside Ron
and Hermione. The rising sun was not visible here. The roomfaced the cliff-top garden
and thefreshly duggrave.
"Mr. Ollivander, I'm sorry to disturb you,"Harry said.
"My dear boy," Ollivander's voice was feeble. "You rescued us, I thought we
would diein that place, I can never thank you . . . never thank you . . . enough."
"We were glad to do it."
Harry's scar throbbed. He knew, he was certain, that there was hardly any time
leftin which to beat Voldemort to his goal, or else to attempt to thwart him. Hefelt a
flutter of panic . . . yet he had made his decision when he chose to speak to Griphook
first.
Feigning a calmhe did notfeel, he groped in the pouch around his neck and took out the
two halves ofhis broken wand.
"Mr. Ollivander, I need some help."

"Anything. Anything." Said the wandmaker weakly.
"Can you mend this? Is it possible?"
Ollivander held out a tremblinghand, and Harry placed the two barely connected
halves inhis palm.
"Holly and phoenixfeather," said Ollivander in a tremulous voice. "Eleveninches.
Nice and supple."
"Yes," said Harry. "Can you -- ?"
"No," whispered Ollivander. "I am sorry, very sorry, but a wand that has suffered
this degree of damage cannot be repaired by anymeans that I know of."
Harry had been braced to hear it, butitwas a blow nevertheless. He took the wand
halves back and replaced themin the pouch around his neck. Ollivander stared at the
place where the shattered wand had vanished, and did notlook away untilHarry had
taken fromhis pocket the two wands he had broughtfrom the Malfoys'.
"Can youidentify these?" Harry asked.
The wandmaker took thefirst of the wands and held it close to his faded eyes,
rollingit between his knobble-knuckled fingers, flexingit slightly.
"Walnut and dragon heartstring,"he said. "Twelve-and-three-quarter inches.
Unyielding. This wand belonged to Bellatrix Lestrange."
"And this one?"
Ollivander performed the same examination.
"Hawthorn and unicorn hair. Ten inches precisely. Reasonably springy. This was
the wand of Draco Malfoy."
"Was?" repeated Harry. "Isn'tit stillhis?"
"Perhaps not. Ifyou took it ­"
"--I did ­ "
"--then itmay be yours. Of course, the manner of takingmatters. Much also
depends upon the wand itself. In general, however, where a wand has been won,its
allegiance willchange."
There was a silence in the room, exceptfor the distant rushing of the sea.
"You talk about wands like they've got feelings," said Harry, "like they can think
for themselves."
"The wand chooses the wizard," said Ollivander. "Thatmuch has always been
clear to those of us who have studied wandlore."
"A person can stilluse a wand that hasn't chosen them, though?" asked Harry.
"Oh yes, ifyou are any wizard at allyou will be able to channelyour magic
through almost anyinstrument. The best results, however, must always come where there

is the strongest affinity between wizard and wand. These connections are complex. An
initial attraction, and then amutual quest for experience, the wand learningfrom the
wizard, the wizard from the wand."
The sea gushed forward and backward;it was a mournfulsound.
"I took this wand fromDraco Malfoy byforce," said Harry. "Can I useit safely?"
"I think so. Subtlelaws govern wand ownership, but the conquered wand will
usually bend its willto its new master."
"So I should use this one?" said Ron, pulling Wormtail's wand out ofhis pocket
and handingit to Ollivander.
"Chestnut and dragon heartstring. Nine-and-a-quarter inches. Brittle. I was forced
to make this shortly after my kidnapping,for Peter Pettigrew. Yes, ifyou wonit, itis
more likely to do your bidding, and do itwell, than another wand."
"And this holds truefor allwands, does it?" asked Harry.
"I think so," replied Ollivander, his protuberant eyes upon Harry's face. "You ask
deep questions, Mr. Potter. Wandlore is a complex and mysterious branch ofmagic."
"So, itisn't necessary to killthe previous owner to take the possession of a
wand?" asked Harry.
Ollivander swallowed.
"Necessary? No, I should not say thatitis necessary to kill."
"There are legends, though," said Harry, and as his heart rate quickened, the pain
inhis scar becamemore intense; he was sure that Voldemort has decided to put hisidea
into action. "Legends about a wand ­ or wands ­ that have been passed fromhand to
hand by murder."
Ollivander turned pale. Against the snowy pillowhe was lightgray, and his eyes
were enormous, bloodshot, and bulgingwith whatlooked like fear.
"Only one wand, I think,"he whispered.
"And You-Know-Who is interested init, isn't he?" asked Harry.
"I ­ how?" croaked Ollivander, and helooked appealingly at Ron and Hermione
for help. "How do you know this?"
"He wanted you to tellhimhow to overcome the connection between our wands,"
said Harry.
Ollivander looked terrified.
"He tortured me, youmustunderstand that! The Cruciatus Curse, I ­ I had no
choice but to tellhimwhat I knew, what I guessed!"
"I understand," said Harry. "You told himabout the twin cores? You said he just
had to borrow another wizard's wand?"

Ollivander looked horrified, transfixed, by the amount that Harry knew. He
nodded slowly.
"Butit didn't work," Harry went on. "Mine still beat the borrowed wand. Do you
know why thatis?"
Ollivander shook his head slowly as he had just nodded.
"I had . . . never heard of such a thing. Your wand performed somethingunique
thatnight. The connection of the twin cores isincredibly rare, yet whyyour wand would
have snapped the borrowed wand, I do not know. . . .
"We were talking about the other wand, the wand that changes hands by murder.
When You-Know-Who realized my wand had done something strange, he came back
and
asked about that other wand, didn't he?"
"How do you know this?"
Harry did not answer.
"Yes, he asked," whispered Ollivander. "He wanted to know everything I could
tellhim about the wand variously known as the Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, or the
Elder Wand."
Harry glanced sideways at Hermione. Shelooked flaggergasted.
"The Dark Lord," said Ollivander inhushed and frightened tones, "had always
been happy with the wand I made him ­ yes and phoenixfeather, thirteen-and-a-half
inches. ­ untilhe discovered the connection of the twin cores. Now he seeks another,
more powerfulwand, as the only way to conquer yours."
"Buthe'll know soon, ifhe doesn't already, thatmine's broken beyond repair,"
said Harry quietly.
"No!" said Hermione, soundingfrightened. "He can't know that, Harry, how
could he --?"
"Priori Incantatem," said Harry. "We leftyour wand and the blackthorn wand at
the Malfoys', Hermione. If they examinethem properly, make themre-create the spells
they've cast lately, they'd see that yours broke mine, they'llsee that you tried and failed
to mend it, and they'llrealize that I've been using the blackthorn one ever since."
Thelittle color she had regained since their arrivalhad drained fromher face. Ron
gave Harry a reproachfullook, and said, "Let's not worry about that now ---"
But Mr. Ollivander intervened.
"The Dark Lord no longer seeks the Elder Wand onlyfor your destruction, Mr.
Potter. He is determined to possess it because he believes it willmake himtruly
invulnerable."

"And willit?"
"The owner of the Elder Wand must always fear attack," said Ollivander, "but the
idea of the Dark Lord in possession of the Deathstick is, I must admit . . . formidable."
Harry was suddenly reminded of how unsure, when theyfirstmet, of how much
helike Ollivander. Even now, having been tortured and imprisoned by Voldemort, the
idea of the Dark Wizard in possession of this wand seemed to enthrallhim as much as it
repulsed him.
"You ­ you really think this wand exists, then, Mr. Ollivander?" asked Hermione.
"Oh yes," said Ollivander. "Yes, itis perfectly possible to trace the wand's course
throughhistory. There are gaps, of, course, and long ones, whereitvanishes fromview,
temporarilylost or hidden; but always it resurfaces. It has certainidentifying
characteristics that those who are learned in wandlore recognize. There are written
accounts, some of them obscure, that I and other wandmakers havemade it our business
to study. They have the ring of authenticity."
"So you ­ you don't think it can be a fairy tale or amyth?" Hermione asked
hopefully.
"No," said Ollivander. "Whether it needs to pass by murder, I do not know. Its
historyis bloody, but thatmay be simply due to thefact thatitis such a desirable object,
and arouses such passions in wizards. Immensely powerful, dangerous in the wrong
hands, and an object of incrediblefascination to all ofus who study the power of wands."
"Mr. Ollivander," said Harry, "you told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had
the Elder Wand, didn't you?"
Ollivander turned, if possible, even paler. He looked ghostly as he gulped.
"Buthow ­ how do you -- ?"
"Never mind how I know it," said Harry, closinghis eyes momentarily as his scar
burned and he saw, for mere seconds, a vision of themain streetin Hogsmeade, stilldark,
because it was so muchfarther north. "You told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had
the wand?"
"It was a rumor," whispered Ollivander. "A rumor, years and years ago, long
before you were born I believe Gregorovitchhimself started it. You can see how good it
would be for business; that he was studying and duplicating the qualities of the Elder
Wand!"
"Yes, I can see that," said Harry. He stood up. "Mr. Ollivander, onelast thing, and
then we'llletyou get some rest. What do you know about the Deathly Hallows?"
"The ­ the what?" asked the wandmaker, lookingutterly bewildered.
"The Deathly Hallows."

"I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about. Is this stillsomething to do
with wands?"
Harry looked into the sunkenface and believed that Ollivander was not acting. He
did not know about the Hallows.
"Thank you," said Harry. "Thank you very much. We'llleave you to get some
rest now."
Ollivander looked stricken.
"He was torturingme!"he gasped. "The Cruciatus Curse . . . you have no
idea. . . ."
"I do," said Harry, "I really do. Please get some rest. Thank youfor tellingme all
of this."
Heled Ron and Hermione down the staircase. Harry caughtglimpses of Bill,
Fleur, Luna, and Dean sitting at the tablein the kitchen, cups of tea infront of them. They
alllooked up at Harry as he appeared inthe doorway, but hemerelynodded to them and
continued into the garden, Ron and Hermione behind him. The reddishmound of earth
that covered Dobby lay ahead, and Harry walked back to it, as the paininhis head built
more and more powerfully. It was a huge effort now to close down the visions that were
forcing themselves upon him, buthe knew that he would have to resist only alittle longer.
He would yield very soon, because he needed to know that his theory was right. He must
make only onemore short effort, so that he could explain to Ron and Hermione.
"Gregorovitch had the Elder Wand a long time ago,"he said, "I saw You-Know-
Who trying to find him. Whenhe tracked him down, hefound that Gregorovitch didn't
haveit anymore: It was stolenfromhimby Grindelwald. How Grindelwald found out
that Gregorovitch had it, I don't know ­ butifGregorovitch was stupid enough to spread
the rumor, it can't have been that difficult."
Voldemort was at the gates of Hogwarts; Harry could see himstanding there, and
see too thelamp bobbingin the pre-dawn, coming closer and closer.
"And Grindelwald used the Elder Wand to become powerful. And at the height of
his power, when Dumbledore knew he was the only one who could stop him, he dueled
Grindelwald and beat him, and he took the Elder Wand."
"Dumbledore had the Elder Wand?" said Ron. "But then ­ where isitnow?"
"At Hogwarts," said Harry, fighting to remain with themin the cliff-top garden.
"But then, let's go!" said Ron urgently. "Harry, let's go and getit before he
does!"
"It's too late for that," said Harry. He could not help himself, but clutched his
head, trying to help it resist. "He knows where itis. He's there now."

"Harry!" Ron said furiously. "How long have you known this ­ whyhave we
been wasting time? Why did you talk to Griphook first? We could have gone ­ we could
stillgo ­"
"No," said Harry, and he sank to his knees in the grass. "Hermione's right.
Dumbledore didn't wantme to haveit. He didn't wantme to take it. He wanted me to get
the Horcruxes."
"The unbeatable wand, Harry!"moaned Ron.
"I'mnot supposed to . . . I'm supposed to get the Horcruxes. . . ."
And now everything was cool and dark:The sun was barelyvisible over the
horizon as he glided alongside Snape, up through the grounds toward thelake.
"I shalljoinyouin the castle shortly,"he said inhis high, cold voice. "Leaveme
now."
Snape bowed and set off back up the path, his black cloak billowing behind him.
Harry walked slowly, waitingfor Snape's figure to disappear. It would not do for Snape,
or indeed anyone else, to see where he was going. But there were no lights in the castle
windows, and he could concealhimself . . . and in a second he had cast upon himself a
Disillusionment Charm thathid him even fromhis own eyes.
And he walked on, around the edge of thelake, takingin the outlines of the
beloved castle, his first kingdom, his birthright. . . .
And here itwas, beside thelake, reflected in the dark waters. The whitemarble
tomb, an unnecessary blot on thefamiliarlandscape. He felt again that rush of controlled
euphoria, thatheady sense of purpose in destruction. He raised the old yew wand:How
fitting that this would be its last great act.
The tomb split open fromhead to foot. The shrouded figure was as long as thinas
ithad been inlife. He raised the wand again.
The wrappings fell open. Theface was translucent, pale, sunken, yet almost
perfectly preserved. Theyhad lefthis spectacles on the crooked nose:He felt amused
derision. Dumbledore's hands werefolded upon his chest, and there itlay, clutched
beneath them, buried withhim.
Had the old foolimagined thatmarble or death would protect the wand? Had he
thought that the Dark Lord would be scared to violate his tomb? The spiderlike hand
swooped and pulled the wand fromDumbledore's grasp, and as he took it, a shower of
sparks flew fromits tip, sparkling over the corpse ofits last owner, ready to serve a new
master at last.

Chapter Twenty-Five
Shell Cottage

Billand Fleur's cottage stood alone on a cliff overlooking the sea, its walls embedded
with shells and whitewashed. It was a lonely and beautifulplace. Wherever Harry went
inside the tiny cottage or its garden, he could hear the constant ebb and flow of the sea,
like the breathing of somegreat, slumbering creature. He spentmuch of the nextfew
days making excuses to escape the crowded cottage, craving the cliff-top view of open
sky and wide, empty sea, and thefeel of cold, salty wind on hisface.
The enormity of his decision not to race Voldemort to the wand stillscared Harry. He
could not remember, ever before, choosing /not/ to act. He was fullof doubts, doubts that
Ron could not help voicing whenever they were together.
"Whatif Dumbledore wanted us to work out the symbolin time to get the wand?""What
ifworking out what the symbolmeantmade you 'worthy' to get the Hallows?""Harry, if
that reallyis the Elder Wand, how the hellare we supposed to finish off You-Know-
Who?"
Harry had no answers:There weremoments when he wondered whether ithad been
outrightmadness not to try to prevent Voldemort breaking open the tomb. He could not
even explain satisfactorily whyhe had decided againstit:Every timehe tried to
reconstruct theinternal arguments that had led to his decision, they sounded feebler to
him.
The odd thing was that Hermione's supportmade himfeel just as confused as Ron's
doubts. Now forced to accept that the Elder Wand was real, shemaintained that itwas
an
evil object, and that the way Voldemort had taken possession ofitwas repellent, not to
be
considered.
"You could never have done that, Harry,"she said again and again. "You couldn'thave
broken into Dumbledore's grave."

But theidea of Dumbledore's corpsefrightened Harry muchless than the possibility that
hemighthavemisunderstood theliving Dumbledore's intentions. He felt that he was still
gropingin the dark; he had chosen his path but kept looking back, wondering whether he
had misread the signs, whether he should not have taken the other way. From time to
time,
anger at Dumbledore crashed over him again, powerful as the waves slamming
themselves against the cliff beneath the cottage, anger that Dumbledore had not explained
before he died.
"But /is/ he dead?" said Ron, three days after they had arrived at the cottage. Harry had
been staring out over the wallthat separated the cottage garden fromthe cliffwhen Ron
and Hermione had found him;he wished they had not, havingno wish to joinin with
their argument.
"Yes, heis. Ron, /please" don't start that again!"
"Look at thefacts, Hermione," said Ron, speaking across Harry, who continued to gaze
at
the horizon."The solve doe. The sword. The eye Harry saw in themirror --"
"Harry admits he could haveimagined the eye! Don't you, Harry?"
"I could have," said Harry withoutlooking at her.
"Butyou don't thingyou did, do you?" asked Ron.
"No, I don't," said Harry.
"There you go!" said Ron quickly, before Hermione could carry on. "Ifit wasn't
Dumbledore, explainhow Dobby knew we werein the cellar, Hermione?"
"I can't -- but can you explainhow Dumbledore sent himto us ifhe's lyingin a tomb at
Hogwarts?"
"I dunno, it could've been his ghost!"
"Dumbledore wouldn't come back as a ghost," said Harry. There was little about
Dumbledore he was sure ofnow, but he knew thatmuch. "He would have gone on."
"What d'you mean, 'gone on'?" asked Ron, but before Harry could say anymore, a voice
behind them said, "'Arry?"
Fleur had come out of the cottage, her long silver hair flyingin the breeze.
"'Arry, Grip'ook would like to speak to you. 'E eezinze smallest bedroom, 'e says 'e
does
not want to be over'eard."
Her dislike of the goblinsendingher to deliver messages was clear; shelooked irritable
as she walked back around the house.
Griphook was waitingfor them, as Fleur had said, in the tiniest of the cottage's three

bedrooms, in which Hermione and Luna slept by night. He had drawn the red cotton
curtains against the bright, cloudy sky, whichgave the room afiery glow at odds with the
rest of the airy, light cottage.
"Ihave reached my decision, Harry Potter," said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged
in alow chair, drummingits arms withhis spindlyfingers. "Though the goblins of
Gringotts willconsider it base treachery, I have decided to help you --"
"That's great!" said Harry, relief surging throughhim."Griphook, thank you, we're really
--"
"-- in return," said the goblinfirmly,"for payment."
Slightly taken aback, Harry hesitated.
"How much do you want? I've got gold."
"Not gold," said Griphook. "I have gold."
His black eyes glittered; there were no whites to his eyes.
"I want the sword. The sword of Godric Gryffindor."
Harry's spirits plummeted.
"You can't have that,"he said. "I'm sorry."
"Then," said the goblin softly,"we have a problem."
"We can give you something else," said Ron eagerly."I'll bet the Lestranges havegot
loads of stuff, you can take your pick once we getinto the vault."
He had said the wrong thing. Griphook flushed angrily.
"I amnot a thief, boy! I amnot trying to procure treasures to which I have no right!"
"The sword's ours --"
"itis not," said the goblin.
"We're Gryffindors, and itwas Godric Gryffindor's --"
"And before it was Gryffindor's, whose was it?" demanded the goblin, sittingup straight.
"No one's," said Ron."It was made for him, wasn'tit?"
"No!" cried the goblin, bristling with anger as he pointed alongfinger at Ron.
"Wizarding arrogance again! That sword was Ragnuk the First's, taken fromhimby
Godric Gryffindor! It is a _____ _________, a masterpiece of goblinwork! It belongs
with the gobl___. The sword is the price ofmyhire, take it or leaveit!"
Griphook glared at them. Harryglanced at the other ____, then said, "We need to discuss
this, Griphook, ifthat's allright. Could you give us afew minutes?"
The goblinnodded, looking sour.
Downstairs in the empty sitting room, Harry walked to thefireplace, brow furrowed,
trying to think what to do. Behind him, Ron said, "He's having alaugh. We can'tlet him
have that sword."

"Itis true?" Harry asked Hermione. "Was the sword stolen by Gryffindor?"
"I don't know," she said hopelessly."Wizardinghistory often skates over what the
wizards have done to other magical races, but there's no account that I know of that says
Gryffindor stole the sword."
"It'llbe one of those goblin stories," said Ron,"about how the wizards are always trying
to get one over on them. I suppose we should think ourselves lucky he hasn't asked for
one of our wands."
"Goblins have gotgood reason to dislike wizards, Ron." said Hermione. "They've been
treated brutallyin the past."
"Goblins aren't exactlyfluffylittle bunnies, though, are they?" said Ron. "They've killed
plenty ofus. They'vefought dirty too."
"But arguing with Griphook about whose race is mostunderhanded and violentisn't
going to make himmore likely to help us, is it?"
There was a pause while they tried to think of a way around the problem. Harrylooked
out of the window at Dobby's grave. Luna was arranging sealavender in a jam jar beside
the headstone.
"Okay," said Ron, and Harry turned back to face him,"how's this? We tellGriphook we
need the sword untilwe getinside the _____ and then he can haveit. There's a fake in
these, isn't there? We switch them, and givehimthefake."
"Ron, he'd know the difference better than we would!" said Hermione. "He's the only one
who realized there had been a swap!"
"Yeah, but we could _ca_per before he realizes --"
He quailed beneath thelook Hermione was givinghim.
"That," she said quietly,"is despicable. Ask for his help, then double-cross him? And you
wonder whygoblins don'tlike wizards, Ron?"
Ron's ears had turned red.
"Allright, allright! It was the only thing I could think of! What's your solution, then?"
"We need to offer himsomething else, something just as valuable."
"Brilliant, I'llgo and get one of our ancientgoblin-made swords and you can giftwrap
it."
Silence fellbetween them again. Harry was sure that the goblin would accept nothing but
the sword, eveniftheyhad something as valuable to offer him. Yet the sword was their
one, indispensable weapon against the Horcruxes.
He closed his eyes for a moment or two and listened to the rush of the sea. Theidea that
Gryffindor mighthave stolen the sword was unpleasant to him:He had always been
proud to be a Gryffindor; Gryffindor had been the champion of Muggle-borns, the wizard

who had clashed with the pureblood-loving Slytherin....
"Maybe he's lying," Harry said, opening his eyes again."Griphook. Maybe Gryffindor
didn't take the sword. How do we know the goblinversion of history's right?"
"Does itmake a difference?" asked Hermione.
"Changes how I feel aboutit," said Harry.
He took a deep breath.
"We'lltellhimhe can have the sword after he's helped us getinto that vault -- but we'll be
carefulto avoid tellinghim exactly /when/ he can haveit."
A grin spread slowly across Ron's face. Hermione, however, looked alarmed.
"Harry, we can't --"
"He can haveit," Harry went on, "after we've used it on all of the Horcruxes. I'llmake
sure he gets it then. I'll keep my word."
"But that could be years!" said Hermione.
"I know that, but /he/ needn't. I won't belying... really."
Harrymet her eyes with amixture of defiance and shame. He remembered the words that
had been engraved over the gateway to Nurmengard: FOR THE GREATER GOOD. He
pushed theidea away. What choice did they have?
"I don'tlikeit," said Hermione.
"Nor do I, much," Harry admitted.
"Well, I think it's genius," said Ron, standingup again."Let's go and tellhim."
Back in the smallest bedroom, Harrymade the offer, carefulto phrase it so as not to give
any definite timefor the handover of the sword. Hermionefrowned at thefloor whilehe
was speaking;hefeltirritated at her, afraid that shemightgive the game away. However,
Griphook had eyes for nobody but Harry.
"Ihave your word, Harry Potter, that you willgiveme the sword of Gryffindor ifI help
you?"
"Yes," said Harry.
"Then shake," said the goblin, holding out his hand.
Harry took it and shook. He wondered whether those black eyes saw anymisgivingsin
his own. Then Griphook relinquished him, clapped his hands together, and said, "So. We
begin!"
It was like planning to break into the Ministry all over again. They settled to work in the
smallest bedroom, which was kept, according to Griphook's preference, in semidarkness.
"Ihave visited the Lestranges' vault onlyonce," Griphook told them,"on the occasion I
was told to place inside it thefalse sword. It is one of themost ancient chambers. The
oldest Wizardingfamilies store their treasures at the deepestlevel, where the vaults are

largest and best protected...."
They remained shutin the cupboardlike roomfor hours at a time. Slowly the days
stretched into weeks. There was problemafter problemto overcome, notleast of which
was that their store of Polyjuice Potion was greatly depleted.
"There's really only enoughleftfor one ofus," said Hermione, tilting the thick mudlike
potion against thelamplight.
"That'llbe enough," said Harry, who was examining Griphook's hand-drawn map of the
deepest passageways.
The other inhabitants of Shell Cottage could hardlyfailto notice that something was
going on now that Harry, Ron and Hermione only emerged for mealtimes. Nobody asked
questions, although Harry oftenfeltBill's eyes on the three of them at the table,
thoughtful, concerned.
Thelonger they spent together, themore Harry realized that he did notmuchlike the
goblin. Griphook was unexpectedly bloodthirsty, laughed at theidea of paininlesser
creatures and seemed to relish the possibility that theymighthave to hurt other wizards to
reach the Lestranges' vault. Harry could tellthat his distaste was shared by the other two,
but they did not discuss it. Theyneeded Griphook.
The goblin ate onlygrudginglywith the rest of them. Even after hislegs had mended, he
continued to request trays offood inhis room, like the still-frail Ollivander, untilBill
(following an angry outburstfrom Fleur) went upstairs to tellhimthat the arrangement
could not continue. Thereafter Griphook joined them at the overcrowded table, although
he refused to eat the samefood, insisting, instead, onlumps of raw meat, roots, and
various fungi.
Harryfelt responsible:It was, after all, he who had insisted that the goblin remain at Shell
Cottage so that he could question him;his fault that the whole Weasleyfamilyhad been
driveninto hiding, that Bill, Fred, George, and Mr. Weasley could no longer work.
"I'm sorry,"he told Fleur, one blustery April evening as he helped her prepare dinner. "I
never meant you to have to deal with allof this."
She had just set some knives to work, chippingup steaks for Griphook and Bill, who had
preferred hismeat bloody ever since he had been attacked by Greyback. While the
knives
sliced behind her, her somewhatirritable expression softened.
"'Arry, you saved my sister's life, I do notforget."
This was not, strictly speaking, true, but Harry decided against remindingher that
Gabriellehad never been in real danger.
"Anyway," Fleur went on, pointingher want at a pot of sauce on the stove, which began

to bubble at once, "Mr. Ollivander leaves for Muriel's zis evening. Zat willmake zings
easier. Ze goblin," she scowled alittle at themention of him,"canmove downstairs, and
you, Ron, and Dean can take zat room."
"We don't mind sleepingin theliving room," said Harry, who knew that Griphook would
thing poorly ofhaving to sleep on the sofa; keeping Griphook happy was essentialto
their plans. "Don't worry about us." And when she tried to protest he went on, "We'll be
offyour hands soon too, Ron, Hermione, and I. We won't need to be here much longer."
"But, what do you mean?" she said, frowning at him, her wand pointing at the casserole
dish now suspended inmidair. "Of course you must notleave, you are safe 'ere!"
Shelooked rather like Mrs. Weasley as she said it, and he was glad that the back door
opened at thatmoment. Luna and Dean entered, their hair damp from the rain outside and
their arms fullof driftwood.
"... and tinylittle ears," Luna was saying, "a bitlike hippo's, Daddy says, only purple and
hairy. And ifyou want to callthem, you have to hum; they prefer a waltz, nothingtoo
fast...."
Lookinguncomfortable, Dean shrugged at Harry as he passed, following Lunainto the
combined dining and sitting room where Ron and Hermione werelaying the dinner table.
Seizing the chance to escape Fleur's questions, Harry grabbed two jugs of pumpkin juice
and followed them.
"... and ifyou ever come to our house I'llbe able to show you the horn, Daddy wrote to
me aboutit but I haven't seenityet, because the Death Eaters took mefromthe
Hogwarts
Express and I never got homefor Christmas," Luna was saying, as she and Dean relit the
fire.
"Luna, we told you," Hermione called over to her. "That horn exploded. It camefrom an
Erumpent, not a Crumple-Horned Snorkack --"
"No, it was definitely a Snorkack horn,"said Luna serenely, "Daddy told me. It will
probablyhave re-formed by now, they mend themselves, you know."
Hermione shook her head and continued laying downforks as Billappeared, leading Mr.
Ollivander down the stairs. The wandmaker stilllooked exceptionallyfrail, and he clung
to Bill's arm as thelatter supported him, carrying alarge suitcase.
"I'mgoing to miss you, Mr. Ollivander,"said Luna, approaching the old man.
"And I you, my dear," said Ollivander, pattingher on the shoulder.
"You were an inexpressible comfort to mein that terrible place."
"So, au revoir, Mr. Ollivander," said Fleur, kissinghim on both cheeks. "And I wonder
whezzer you could obligeme by delivering a package to Bill's Auntie Murie!? I never

returned 'er tiara."
"It willbe an honor," said Ollivander with a little bow, "the veryleast I can do in return
for your generous hospitality."
Fleur drew out a worn velvet case, which she opened to show the wandmaker. The tiara
sat glittering and twinklingin thelightfromthelow-hanginglamp.
"Moonstones and diamonds," said Griphook, who had sidled into the room withoutHarry
noticing."Made by goblins, I think?"
"And paid for by wizards," said Billquietly, and the goblin shot him alook that was both
furtive and challenging.
A strong wind gusted against the cottage windows as Billand Ollivander set offinto the
night. The rest of them squeezed in around the table; elbow to elbow and with barely
enough room to move, they started to eat. Thefire crackled and popped in the grate
beside them. Fleur, Harrynoticed, was merely playing withher food; she glanced at the
window everyfew minutes; however, Billreturned before they had finished theirfirst
course, hislonghair tangled by the wind.
"Everything's fine,"he told Fleur. "Ollivander settled in, Mum and Dad say hello. Ginny
sends you allher love, Fred and George are driving Murielup the wall, they're still
operating an Owl-Order business out of her back room. It cheered her up to have her
tiara
back, though. She said she thoughtwe'd stolen it."
"Ah, she eez charmant, your aunt," said Fleur crossly, wavingher wand and causing the
dirty plates to rise and form a stack inmidair. She caught them and marched out of the
room.
"Daddy's made a tiara," piped up Luna, "Well, more of a crown, really."
Ron caught Harry's eye and grinned; Harry knew that he was remembering theludicrous
headdress they had seen on theirvisit to Xenophilius.
"Yes, he's trying to re-create thelost diadem of Ravenclaw. He thinks he's identified most
of themain elements now. Adding the billywig wings reallymade a difference --"
There was a bang on thefront door. Everyone's head turned toward it. Fleur came
running out of the kitchen, lookingfrightened; Billjumped to his feed, his wand pointing
at the door; Harry, Ron, and Hermione did the same. Silently Griphook slipped beneath
the table, out of sight.
"Who isit?" Billcalled.
"Itis I, Remus John Lupin!" called a voice over the howling wind. Harry experienced a
thrilloffear; what had happened? "I ama werewolf,married to Nymphadora Tonks, and
you, the Secret-Keeper of Shell Cottage, told me the address and bade me comein an

emergency!"
"Lupin,"muttered Bill, and he ran to the door and wrenched it open.
Lupinfell over the threshold. He was white-faced, wrapped in a traveling cloak, his
grayinghair windswept. He straightened up, looked around the room, making sure of
who was there, then cried aloud, "It's a boy! We've named himTed, after Dora's father!"
Hermione shrieked.
"Wha --? Tonks -- Tonks has had the baby?"
"Yes, yes, she's had the baby!" shouted Lupin. Allaround the table came cries of delight,
sighs of relief:Hermione and Fleur both squealed, "Congratulations!" and Ron said,
"Blimey, a baby!" as ifhe had never heard of such a thing before.
"Yes -- yes -- a boy," said Lupin again, who seemed dazed by his own happiness. He
strode around the table and hugged Harry; the scenein the basement of Grimmauld Place
mightnever have happened.
"You'llbe godfather?"he said as he released Harry.
"M-me?" stammered Harry.
"You, yes, of course -- Dora quite agrees, no one better --"
"I -- yeah -- blimey --"
Harryfelt overwhelmed, astonished, delighted; now Billwas hurrying to fetch wine, and
Fleur was persuading Lupin to join themfor a drink.
"I can't stay long, I must get back," said Lupin, beaming around at them all:Helooked
years younger than Harry had ever seen him."Thank you, thank you, Bill"
Billhad soon filled all of their goblets, they stood and raised themhighin a toast.
"To Teddy Remus Lupin," said Lupin,"agreat wizard in themaking!"
"'Oo does 'e look like?" Fleur inquired.
"I think helooks like Dora, but she thinks heislikeme. Not much hair. Itlooked black
when he was born, but I swear it's turned ginger in the hour since. Probably blond by the
time I get back. Andromeda says Tonks's hair started changing color the day that she was
born." He drained his goblet. "Oh, go on then, just onemore,"he added, beaming, as Bill
made to fillit again.
The wind buffeted thelittle cottage and thefireleapt and crackled, and Billwas soon
opening another bottle of wine. Lupin's news seemed to have taken them out of
themselves, removed themfor a whilefrom their state of siege:Tidings of new life were
exhilarating. Only the goblin seemed untouched by the suddenlyfestive atmosphere, and
after a whilehe slunk back to the bedroomhe now occupied alone. Harry thoughthe was
the only one who had noticed this, untilhe saw Bill's eyes following the goblinup the
stairs.

"No... no... I reallymust get back," said Lupin atlast, decliningyet another goblet of
wine. He got to hisfeet and pulled his traveling cloak back around himself.
"Good-bye, good-bye -- I'lltry and bring some pictures in afew day's time -- they'llall
be
so glad to know that I've seen you --"
He fastened his cloak and made his farewells, hugging the women and graspinghands
with themen, then, stillbeaming, returned into the wild night.
"Godfather, Harry!" said Billas they walked into the kitchen together, helping clear the
table. "A realhonor! Congratulations!"
As Harry set down the emptygoblets he was carrying, Billpulled the door behind him
closed, shutting out the still-voluble voices of the others, who were continuing to
celebrate even in Lupin's absence.
"I wanted a private word, actually, Harry. It hasn't been easy to get an opportunity with
the cottage thisfullof people."
Billhesitated.
"Harry, you're planning something with Griphook."
It was a statement, not a question, and Harry did not bother to denyit. He merelylooked
at Bill, waiting.
"I know goblins," said Bill."I've worked for Gringotts ever since I left Hogwarts. As far
as there can be friendship between wizards and goblins, I have goblinfriends -- or, at
least, goblins I know well, and like." Again, Billhesitated.
"Harry, what do you wantfromGriphook, and what have you promised himin return?"
"I can't tellyou that," said Harry. "Sorry, Bill."
The kitchen door opened behind them;Fleur was trying to bring throughmore empty
goblets.
"Wait," Billtold her, "Just a moment."
She backed out and he closed the door again.
"Then I have to say this," Billwent on."Ifyou have struck any kind of bargain with
Griphook, and most particularlyifthat bargaininvolves treasure, you must be
exceptionally careful. Goblinnotions of ownership, payment, and repayment are not the
same as human ones."
Harryfelt a slight squirm of discomfort, as though a smallsnake had stirred inside him.
"What do youmean?"he asked.
"We are talking about a different breed of being," said Bill."Dealings between wizards
and goblins have been fraughtfor centuries -- butyou'll know allthatfromHistory of
Magic. There has been fault on both sides, I would never claimthat wizards have been

innocent. However, there is a belief among some goblins, and those at Gringotts are
perhaps most prone to it, that wizards cannot be trusted inmatters of gold and treasure,
that they have no respect for goblin ownership."
"I respect --" Harry began, but Billshook hishead.
"You don't understand, Harry, nobody could understand unless they havelived with
goblins. To a goblin, the rightful and true master of any object is themaker, not the
purchaser. Allgoblinmade objects are, ingoblin eyes, rightfullytheirs."
"Butit was bought --"
"-- then they would consider it rented by the one who had paid themoney. They have,
however, great difficulty with theidea of goblin-made objects passingfromwizard to
wizard. You saw Griphook's face when the tiara passed under his eyes. He disapproves.
I
believe he thinks, as do thefiercest of his kind, thatit ought to have been returned to the
goblins once the original purchaser died. They consider our habit of keepinggoblin-made
objects, passing themfromwizard to wizard withoutfurther payment, littlemore than
theft."
Harry had an ominous feelingnow; he wondered whether Billguessed more than he was
letting on.
"AllI am saying," said Bill, settinghishand on the door back into the sitting room,"is to
be very carefulwhat you promise goblins, Harry. It would be less dangerous to break into
Gringotts than to renege on a promise to a goblin."
"Right," said Harry as Billopened the door, "yeah. Thanks. I'll bear thatinmind."
As hefollowed Bill back to the others a wry thought came to him, born no doubt of the
winehe had drunk. He seemed set on ______ to become just as reckless a godfather to
Teddy Lupin as Sirius Black had been to him.

Chapter Twenty-Six
Gringotts

Their plans were made, their preparations complete;in the smallest bedroom a
singlelong, coarse black hair (plucked from the sweater Hermione had been wearing at
Malfoy Manor) lay curled in a smallglass phial on themantelpiece.
"And you'llbe usingher actualwand," said Harry, nodding toward the walnut
wand, "so I reckon you'll be pretty convincing."

Hermionelooked frightened that the wand might sting or bither as she picked it
up.
"I hate that thing," she said in a low voice. "I reallyhate it. Itfeels allwrong, it
doesn't work properlyfor me . . . It's like a bit of her."
Harry could not help but remember how Hermione has dismissed hisloathing of
the blackthorn wand, insisting that he was imaginingthings whenit did not work as well
as his own, tellinghimto simply practice. He chose not to repeat her own advice back to
her, however, the eve of their attempted assault on Gringotts feltlike the wrongmoment
to antagonize her.
"It'll probablyhelp you getin character, though," said Ron. "think what that
wand's done!"
"But that's my point!" said Hermione. "Thisis the wand that tortured Neville's
mumand dad, and who knows how many other people? This is the wand that killed
Sirius!"
Harry had not thought of that:Helooked down at the wand and was visited by a
brutalurge to snap it, to sliceitinhalf with Gryffindor's sword, which was propped
against the wall beside him.
"I miss my wand," Hermione said miserably."I wish Mr. Ollivander could have
made me another one too."
Mr. Ollivander had sent Luna a new wand thatmorning. She was out on the back
lawn at thatmoment, testingits capabilities in thelate afternoon sun. Dean, who had lost
his wand to the Snatchers, was watchingrather gloomily.
Harry looked down at the hawthorn wand that had once belonged to Draco
Malfoy. He had been surprised, but pleased to discover thatit worked for himat least as
well as Hermione's had done. Remembering what Ollivander had told them of the secret
workings of wands, Harry thoughthe knew what Hermione's problemwas: She had not
won the walnut wand's allegiance by takingit personallyfromBellatrix.
The door of the bedroom opened and Griphook entered. Harry reached
instinctivelyfor the hilt of the sword and drew it close to him, but regretted his action at
once. He could tellthat the goblinhad noticed. Seeking to gloss over the sticky moment,
he said, "We've just been checking thelast-minute stuff, Griphook. We've told Billand
Fleur we're leaving tomorrow, and we've told themnot to get up to see us off."
Theyhad been firm on this point, because Hermione would need to transformin
Bellatrix before theyleft, and theless that Billand Fleur knew or suspected about what
they were about to do, the better. They had also explained that they would not be
returning. As theyhad lost Perkin's old tent on the night that the Snatcher's caught them,

Billhad lent them another one. It was now packed inside the beaded bag, which, Harry
was impressed to learn, Hermione had protected from the Snatchers by the simple
expedient of stuffingit down her sock.
Thoughhe would miss Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean, not to mention the home
comforts theyhad enjoyed over thelastfew weeks, Harry was lookingforward to
escaping the confinement of Shell Cottage. He was tired of trying to make sure that they
were not overheard, tired of being shutin the tiny, dark bedroom. Most of all,helonged
to be rid of Griphook. However, preciselyhow and when they were to partfrom the
goblinwithout handing over Gryffindor's sword remained a question to which Harry had
no answer. It had been impossible to decide how they were going to do it, because the
goblin rarelyleft Harry, Ron, and Hermione alone together for more thanfiveminutes at
a time:"He could givemymother lessons,"growled Ron, as the goblin's longfingers
kept appearing around the edges of doors. With Bill's warninginmind, Harry could not
help suspecting that Griphook was on the watchfor possible skullduggery. Hermione
disapproved so heartily of the planned double-cross that Harryhad given up attempting to
pick her brains on how best to do it:Ron, on the rare occasions that they had been able
to
snatch a few Griphook-free moments, had come up withnothing better than"We'lljust
have to wingit, mate."
Harry slept badly that night. Lying awayin the earlyhours, he thought back to the
way he had felt the night before they had infiltrated the Ministry of Magic and
remembered a determination, almost an excitement. Now he was experiencing jolts of
anxiety nagging doubts:He could not shake off thefear thatit was allgoing to go wrong.
He kept tellinghimself that their plan was good, that Griphook knew what they were
facing, that they were well-prepared for allthe difficulties they werelikely to encounter,
yet stillhefeltuneasy. Once or twice he heard Ron stir and was sure that he too was
awake, but they were sharing the sitting room with Dean, so Harry did not speak.
It was a relief when six o-clock arrived and they could slip out of their sleeping
bags, dress in the semidarkness, then creep outinto the garden, where they were to meet
Hermione and Griphook. The dawn was chilly, but there was little wind now that itwas
May. Harrylooked up at the stars stillglimmering palelyin the dark sky and listened to
the sea washing backward and forward against the cliff:He was going to miss the sound.
Smallgreen shoots were forcing their way up through the red earth of Dobby's
grave now, in a year's time themound would be covered inflowers. The white stone that
bore the elf's name had already acquired a weathered look. He realized now that they
could hardlyhavelaid Dobby to restin amore beautifulplace, but Harry ached with

sadness to think ofleavinghim behind. Looking down on the grave, he wondered yet
againhow the elfhad known where to come to rescue them. His fingers moved
absentmindedly to thelittle pouch stillstrung around his neck, thorough whichhe could
feel the jagged mirror fragmentin which he had been sure he had seen Dumbledore's eye.
Then the sound of a door openingmade himlook around.
Bellatrix Lestrange was striding across thelawn toward them, accompanied by
Griphook. As she walked, she was tucking the small, beaded bag into theinside pocket
of
another set of the old robes they had taken fromGrimmauld Place. Though Harry knew
perfectly wellthatit was really Hermione, he could not suppress a shiver ofloathing. She
was taller than he was, her long black hair rippling downher back, her heavilylidded
eyes disdainfulas they rested upon him;but then she spoke, and he heard Hermione
through Bellatrix's low voice.
"She tasted disgusting, worse than Gurdyroots! Okay, Ron, come here so I can do
you . . ."
"right, but remember, I don't like the beard too long"
"Oh, for heaven's sake, thisisn't aboutlookinghandsome"
"It's not that, itgets in the way! But I liked mynose a bit shorter, try and do it the
way you did last time."
Hermione sighed and set to work, mutteringunder her breath as she transformed
various aspects of Ron's appearance. He was to be given a completelyfakeidentity, and
they were trusting to themalevolent aura cast by Bellatrix to protect him. Meanwhile
Harry and Griphook were to be concealed under the Invisibility Cloak.
"There," said Hermione, "how does helook, Harry?"
It was just not possible to discern Ron under his disguise, but only, Harry thought
because he knew himso well. Ron's hair was now long and wavy;he had a thick brown
beard and mustache, no freckles, a short, broad nose, and heavy eyebrows.
"Well, he's notmy type, but he'lldo," said Harry."Shallwe go, then?"
Allthree of themglanced back at ShellCottage, lying dark and silentunder the
fading stars, then turned and began to walk toward the point, just beyond the boundary
wall, where the Fidelius Chard stopped working and they would be able to Disapparate.
Once past the gate, Griphook spoke.
"I should climb up now, Harry Potter, I think?"
Harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto his back, his hands linked on
front of Harry's throat. He was not heavy, but Harry disliked thefeeling of the goblin and
the surprising strength with which he clung on. Hermione pulled the Invisibility Cloak

out of the beaded bag and threw it over them both.
"Perfect," she said, bending down to check Harry's feet. "I can't see a thing. Let's
go."
Harry turned on the spot, with Griphook on his shoulders, concentrating with all
hismight on the Leaky Cauldron, theinnthat was the entrance to Diagon Alley. The
goblin clung even tighter as theymoved into the compressing darkness, and seconds later
Harry's feetfound pavement and he opened his eyes on Charing Cross Road. Muggles
bustled past wearing the hangdog expressions of earlymorning, quite unconscious of the
littleinn's existence.
The bar of the Leaky Cauldron was nearly deserted. Ton, the stooped and
toothless landlord, was polishingglasses behind the bar counter; a couple of warlocks
having a muttered conversationin thefar corner glanced at Hermione and drew back into
the shadows.
"Madam Lestrange,"murmured Tom, and as Hermione paused heinclined his
head subserviently.
"Good morning," said Hermione, and as Harry crept past, stillcarrying Griphook
piggyback under the Cloak, he saw Tomlook surprised.
"Too polite," Harry whispered in Hermione's ear as they passed out of the Inninto
the tiny backyard. "You need to treat peoplelike they're scum!"
"Okay, okay!"
Hermione drew out Bellatrix's wand and rapped a brick in the nondescript wallin
front of them. At once the bricks began to whirl and spin:A hole appeared in the middle
of them, whichgrew wider and wider, finallyforming an archway onto the narrow
cobbled street that was Diagon Alley.
It was quiet, barely timefor the shops to open, and there were hardly and
shoppers abroad. The crooked, cobbled street was much altered now from the bustling
place Harry had visited before hisfirst team at Hogwarts so manyyears before. More
shops than ever were boarded up, though severalnew establishments dedicated to the
Dark Arts had been created since hislast visit. Harry's ownface glared down at himfrom
posters plastered over many windows, always captioned with the words
UNDESIRABLE
NUMBER ONE.
A number of ragged people sat huddled in doorways. He heard themmoaning to
thefew passersby, pleadingfor gold, insisting that they were really wizards. One man
had a bloody bandage over his eye.
As they set off along the street, the beggars glimpsed Hermione. they seemed to

melt away before her, drawinghoods over theirfaces and fleeing as fast as they could.
Hermionelooked after them curiously, untiltheman with the bloodied bandage came
staggering right across her path.
"My children,"he bellowed, pointing at her. His voice was cracked, high-pitched,
he sounded distraught. "Where are my children? What has he done with them? You
know,
you know!"
"I--I really--" stammered Hermione.
Themanlunged at her, reachingfor her throat. Then, with a bang and a burst of
red lighthe was thrown backward onto the ground, unconscious. Ron stood there, his
wand stilloutstretched and a look of shock visible behind his beard. Faces appeared at
the
windows on either side of the street, while a little knot of prosperous-looking passerby
gathered their robes about them and broke into gentle trots, keen to vacate the scene.
their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardlyhave been more conspicuous;for a
moment Harry wondered whether itmightnot be better to leave now and try to think of a
different plan. Before they could move or consult one another, however, they heard a cry
from behind them.
"Why, Madam Lestrange!"
Harry whirled around and Griphook tightened his hold around Harry's neck:A tall,
think wizard with a crown of bushygray hair and along, sharp nose was striding toward
them.
"It's Travers,"hissed the goblininto Harry's ear, but at thatmoment Harry could
not think who Travers was. Hermione had drawn herselfup to fullheight and said with as
much contempt as she could muster:
"And what do you want?"
Travers stopped inhis tracks, clearly affronted.
"He's another Death Eater!" breathed Griphook, and Harry sidled sideways to
repeat theinformationinto Hermione's ear.
"I merely sought to greet you," said Travers coolly,"butifmy presence is not
welcome . . ."
Harry recognized his voice now:Travers was one of the Death Eaters who had
been summoned to Xenophilius's house.
"No, no, not at all, Travers," said Hermione quickly, trying to cover up her
mistake. "How are you?"
"Well, I confess I am surprised to see you out and about, Bellatrix."

"Really? Why?" asked Hermione.
"Well,"Travers coughed, "I heard that the Inhabitants of Malfoy Manor were
confined to the house, after the . . . ah . . . escape."
Harry willed Hermione to keep her head. If this was true, and Bellatrix was not
supposed to be outin public--
"The Dark Lord forgives those who have served himmostfaithfullyin the past,"
said Hermionein amagnificentimitation of Bellatrix's most contemptuous manner.
"Perhaps your creditisnot as good with himas mineis, Travers."
Though the Death Eater looked offended, he also seemed less suspicious. He
glanced down at theman Ron had just Stunned.
"How did it offend you?"
"It does notmatter, itwillnot do so again," said Hermione coolly.
"Some of these wandless can be troublesome," said Travers. "While they do
nothing but beg I have no objection, but one of them actually asked me to plead her case
inthe Ministrylast week. 'I'm a witch, sir, I'm a witch, letme proveit to you!"he said in
a squeakyimpersonation. "As ifI was going to give her my wand--but whose wand," said
Travers curiously,"are you using at the moment, Bellatrix? I heard that your own was--"
"I havemy wand here," said Hermione coldly, holdingup Bellatrix's wand. "I
don't know what rumors you have been listening to, Travers, but you seem sadly
misinformed."
Travers seemed a little taken aback at that, and he turned instead to Ron.
"Who is your friend? I do not recognize him."
"Thisis Dragomir Despard," said Hermione; they had decided that a fictional
foreigner was the safest cover for Ron to assume. "He speaks verylittle English, butheis
insympathy with the Dark Lord's aims. He has traveled herefrom Transylvania to see
our new regime."
"Indeed? How do you do, Dragomir?"
"'Ow you?" said Ron, holding out his hand.
Travers extended two fingers and shook Ron's hand as thoughfrightened of
dirtyinghimself.
So what bringsyou and your--ah--sympatheticfriend to Diagon Alley this early?"
asked Travers.
"I need to visit Gringotts," said Hermione.
"Alas, I also," said Travers. "Gold, filthygold! We cannotlive withoutit, yet I
confess I deplore the necessity of consorting with our long-fingered friends."
Harry felt Griphook's clasped hands tighten momentarily around his neck.

"Shallwe?" said Travers, gesturing Hermioneforward.
Hermione had no choice but to fallinto step beside him and head along the
crooked, cobbled street toward the place where the snowy-white Gringotts stood
towering
over the other little shops. Ron sloped along beside them, and Harry and Griphook
followed.
A watchfulDeath Eater was the very last thing they needed, and the worst of it
was, with Travers matching at what he believed to be Bellatrix's side, there was no means
for Harry to communicate with Hermione or Ron. Alltoo soon they arrived at the foot of
themarble steps leadingup to the great bronze doors. As Griphook had already warned
them, theliveried goblins who usuallyflanked the entrance had been replaced by two
wizards, both of whomwere clutchinglong thingolden rods.
"Ah, Probity Probes," signed Travers theatrically,"so crude--but so effective!"
And he set offup the steps, noddingleft and right to the wizards, who raised the
golden rods and passed themup and down his body. The Probes, Harry knew, detected
spells of concealment and hiddenmagicalobjects. Knowing that he had only seconds,
Harry pointed Draco's wand at each of the guards in turn and murmured, "Confundo"
twice. Unnoticed by Travers, who was looking through the bronze doors at theinner hall,
each of the guards gave a little start as the spells hit them.
Hermione's long black hair rippled behind her as she climbed the steps.
"Onemoment, madam," said the guard, raisinghis Probe.
"Butyou've just done that!" said Hermionein Bellatrix's commanding, arrogant
voice. Travers looked around, eyebrows raised. The guard was confused. He stared
down
at the thingolden Probe and then at his companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice,
"Yeah, you've just checked them, Marius."
Hermione swept forward. Ron by her side, Harry and Griphook trottinginvisibly
behind them. Harry glanced back as they crossed the threshold. The wizards were both
scratching their heads.
Two goblins stood before theinner doors, which weremade of silver and which
carried the poem warning of dire retribution to potentialthieves. Harry looked up at it,
and all of a sudden a knife-sharp memory came to him:standing on this very spot on the
day that he had turned eleven, themost wonderful birthday ofhislife, and Hagrid
standing beside himsaying,"Like I said, yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it." Gringotts had
seemed a place of wonder that day, the enchanted repository of a trove of gold he had
never known he possessed, and never for an instant could he have dreamed that he would

return to steal . . . But within seconds they were standingin the vastmarble hallofthe
bank.
Thelong counter was manned by goblins sitting on high stools serving thefirst
customers of the day. Hermione, Ron, and Travers headed toward an old goblinwho was
examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass. Hermione allowed Travers to step
ahead ofher on the pretext of explainingfeatures of the hallto Ron.
The goblin tossed the coinhe was holding aside, said to nobody in particular,
"Leprechaun," and then greeted Travers, who passed over a tinygolden key, which was
examined and given back to him.
Hermione stepped forward.
"Madam Lestrange!" said the goblin, evidently startled. "Dear me!" How--how
may I help you today?"
"I wish to enter myvault," said Hermione.
The old goblin seemed to recoil alittle. Harry glanced around. Not only was
Travers hanging back, watching, but several other goblins had looked up from their work
to stare at Hermione.
"You have . . . identification?" asked the goblin.
"Identification? I--I have never been asked for identification before!" said
Hermione.
"They know!" whispered Griphook in Harry's ear, "They must have been warned
there might be animposter!"
"Your wand willdo, madam," said the goblin. He held out a slightly trembling
hand, and in a dreadfulblast of realization Harry knew that the goblins of Gringotts were
aware that Bellatrix's wand had been stolen.
"Act now, act now," whispered Griphook in Harry's ear, "the Imperious Curse!"
Harry raised the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, pointed it at the old goblin,
and whispered, for thefirst timeinhislife, "Imperio!"
A curious sensation shot down Harry's arm, a feeling of tingling, warmth that
seemed to flow fromhismind, down the sinews and veins connectinghimto the wand
and the curse ithad just cast. The goblintook Bellatrix's wand, examined it closely, and
then said, "Ah, you have had a new wand made, MadamLestrange!"
"What?" said Hermione, "No, no, that's mine--"
"A new wand?" said Travers, approaching the counter again; stillthe goblins all
around were watching."Buthow could you have done, which wandmaker did youuse?"
Harry acted without thinking. Pointinghis wand at Travers, hemuttered,
"Imperio!" oncemore.

"Oh yes, I see," said Travers, looking down at Bellatrix's wand, "yes, very
handsome. and isit working well? I always think wands require a little breakingin, don't
you?"
Hermionelooked utterly bewildered, but to Harry's enormous relief she accepted
the bizarre turn of events without comment.
The old goblin behind the counter clapped his hands and a younger goblin
approached.
"I shallneed the Clankers,"he told the goblin, who dashed away and returned a
momentlater with aleather bag that seemed to be fullof janglingmetal, whichhe handed
to his senior. "Good, good! S, ifyou willfollowme, MadamLestrange," said the old
goblin,hopping down offhis stool and vanishingfrom sight."I shalltake you to your
vault."
He appeared around the end of the counter, jogginghappily toward them, the
contents of theleather bag stilljingling. Travers was now standing quite stillwithhis
mouthhanging wide open. Ron was drawing attention to this odd phenomenon by
regarding Travers with confusion.
"Wait ­ Bogrod!"
Another goblin came scurrying around the counter.
"We haveinstructions,"he said with a bow to Hermione. "Forgiveme, Madam,
but there have been special orders regarding the vault of Lestrange."
He whispered urgentlyin Bogrod's ear, but the Imperiused goblin shook him off.
"I am aware of theinstructions, MadamLestrange wishes to visither vault ...
Very old family ... old clients ... This way, please ... "
And, stillclanking, he hurried toward one of themany doors leading off thehall.
Harrylooked back at Travers , who was stillrooted to the spot looking abnormally
vacant,
and made his decision. With a flick of his wand hemade Travers come with them,
walkingmeeklyin their wake as they reached the door and passed into the rough stone
passageway beyond, which was litwithflaming torches.
"We're in trouble; they suspect," said Harry as the door slammed behind them
and he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak. Griphook jumped down fromhis shoulders:
neither Travers nor Bogrod showed the slightest surprise at the sudden appearance of
Harry Potter in theirmidst. "They're Imperiused,"he added, in response to Hermione and
Ron's confused queries about Travers and Bogrod, who were both now standing there
looking blank. "I don't think I did it strongly enough, I don't know ..."
And another memory darted throughhismind, of the realBellatrix Lestrange

shrieking at himwhen he had first tried to use an Unforgivable Curse:"You need to mean
them, Potter!"
"What do we do?" asked Ron. "Shallwe get outnow, while we can?"
"If we can," said Hermione, looking back toward the door into themainhall,
beyond which who knew what was happening.
"We've got this far, I say we go on," said Harry.
"Good!" said Griphook. "So, we need Bogrod to control the cart; I no longhave
the authority. But there willnot be roomfor the wizard."
Harry pointed his wand at Travers.
"Imperio!"
The wizard turned and set off along the dark track at a smart pace.
"What are you makinghim do?"
"Hide," said Harry as he pointed his wand at Bogrod, who whistled to summon a
little cart that came trundling along the tracks toward them out of the darkness. Harry was
sure he could hear shouting behind theminthemainhallas they all clambered into it,
Bogrod infront of Griphook, Harry, Ron, and Hermione crammed together in the back.
With a jerk the cart moved off, gathering speed: They hurried past Travers, who
was wrigglinginto a crack in the wall, then the cart began twisting and turning through
thelabyrinthine passages, sloping downward allthe time. Harry could nothear anything
over the rattling of the cart on the tracks:His hair flew behind himas they swerved
between stalactites, flying ever deeper into the earth, but he kept glancing back. They
might as wellhaveleft enormous footprints behind them; themore he thought aboutit,
themorefoolishit seemed to have disguised Hermione as Bellatrix, to have brought
along Bellatrix's wand, when the Death Eaters knew who had stolenit ­
There were a deeper than Harry had ever penetrated withinGringotts; they took a
hairpin bend at speed and saw ahead of them, with seconds to spare, a waterfallpounding
over the track. Harry heard Griphook shout, "No!" but there was no braking. They
zoomed throughit. Water filled Harry's eyes and mouth:He could not see or breathe:
Then, with an awfullurch, the cartflipped over and they were allthrown out ofit. Harry
heard the cart smashinto pieces against the passage wall, heard Hermione shriek
something, and felthimselfglide back toward the ground as though weightless, landing
painlessly on the rocky passagefloor.
"C-Cushioning Charm,"Hermione spluttered, as Ron pulled her to her feet, but to
Harry's horror he saw that she was no longer Bellatrix;instead she stood therein
overlarge robes, sopping wet and completelyherself;Ron was red-haired and beardless
again. They were realizingit as theylooked at each other, feeling their ownfaces.

"The Thief's Downfall!" said Griphook, clambering to hisfeet and looking back
the deluge onto the tracks, which, Harry knew now, had been more than water. "It
washes
away all enchantment, allmagical concealment! They know there are imposers in
Gringotts, theyhave set off defenses against us!"
Harry saw Hermione checking that she stillhad the beaded bag, and hurriedly
thrust his own hand under his jacket to make sure he had notlost the InvisibilityCloak.
Then he turned to see Bogrod shakinghis head in bewilderment:The Thief's Downfall
seemed to havelifted his Imperius Curse.
"We need him,"said Griphook, "we cannot enter the vault without a Gringott's
goblin. And we need the clankers!"
"Imperio!"Harry said again;hisvoice echoed through the stone passage as hefelt
again the sense ofheady control thatflowed from brain to wand. Bogrod submitted once
more to his will, his befuddled expression changing to one of politeindifference, as Ron
hurried to pick up theleather bag ofmetal tools.
"Harry, I think I can hear people coming!" said Hermione, and she pointed
Bellatrix's wand at the waterfall and cried, "Protego!" They saw the Shield Charmbreak
theflow of enchanted water as itflew up the passageway.
"Good thinking," said Harry. "Lead the way, Griphook!"
"How are we going to get out again?" Ron asked as they hurried on footinto the
darkness after the goblin, Bogrod pantingin their wake like an old dog.
"Let's worry about that when we have to," said Harry. He was trying to listen:He
thoughthe could hear something clanking and moving around nearby. "Griphook, how
muchfarther?"
"Notfar, Harry Potter, notfar ... "
And they turned a corner and saw the thingfor which Harry had been prepared,
but which stillbrought allof themto a halt.
A gigantic dragon was tethered to the ground infront of them, barring access to
four or five of the deepest vaults in the place. The beast's scales had turned pale and flaky
duringits longincarceration under the ground, its eyes were milkily pink; both rear legs
bore heavy cuffs fromwhich chainsled to enormous pegs driven deep into the rocky
floor. Its great spiked wings, folded close to its body, would havefilled the chamber ifit
spread them, and whenit turned its uglyhead toward them, it roared with a noise that
made the rock tremble, opened its mouth, and spat a jet offire that sent themrunning
back up the passageway.
"Itis partially blind," panted Griphook, "but even more savagefor that. However,

we have themeans to controlit. It has learned what to expect when the Clankers come.
Give themto me."
Ron passed the bag to Griphook, and the goblin pulled out a number of small
metalinstruments that when shaken made a long ringingnoiselike miniature hammers on
anvils. Griphook handed them out:Bogrod accepted hismeekly.
"You know what to do," Griphook told Harry, Ron, and Hermione. "It willexpect
pain whenithears the noise. It willretreat, and Bogrod must place his palmupon the
door of the vault."
They advanced around the corner again, shaking the Clankers, and the noise
echoed off the rocky walls, grosslymagnified, so that theinside of Harry's skullseemed
to vibrate with the den. The dragonlet out another hoarse roar, then retreated. Harry
could see it trembling, and as they drew nearer he saw the scars made by vicious slashes
across its face, and guess thatithad been taught to fear hot swords whenitheard the
sound of the Clankers.
"Make himpress his hand to the door!"Griphook urged Harry, who turned his
wand againupon Bogrod. The old goblin obeyed, pressinghis palmto the wood, and the
door of the vaultmelted away to reveala cavelike opening crammed fromfloor to ceiling
withgolden coins and goblets, silver armor, the skins of strange creatures ­ some with
long spines, other with drooping wings ­ potions in jeweled flasks, and a skullstill
wearing a crown. "Search, fast!" said Harry as they allhurried inside the vault. He had
described Hufflepuff's cap to Ron and Hermione, butifit was the other, unknown
Horcrux that resided in this vault, he did not know whatitlooked like. He barelyhad
time to glance around, however, before there was amuffled clunk from behind them:The
door had reappeared, sealing theminside the vault, and they were plunged into total
darkness.
"No matter, Bogrod will be able to release us!" said Griphook as Ron gave a
shout of surprise. "Lightyour wands, can'tyou? And hurry, we havelittle time!"
"Lumos!"
Harry shone hislitwand around the vault: Its beamfellupon glittering jewels; he
saw thefake sword of Gryffindor lying on a high shelf amongst a jumble of chains. Ron
and Hermione had lit their wands too, and were now examining the piles of objects
surrounding them.
"Harry, could this be -- ? Aargh!"
Hermione screamed in pain, and Harry turned his wand on her in time to see a
jeweled goblet tumblingfromher grip. But as itfell,it split, became a shower of goblets,
so that a second later, with a great clatter, thefloor was covered inidentical cups rolling

in every direction, the originalimpossible to discern amongst them.
"It burned me!"moaned Hermione, suckingher blistered fingers.
"Theyhave added Germino and Flagrante Curses!" said Griphook.
"Everythingyou touch willburn and multiply, but the copies are worthless ­ and
ifyou continue to handle the treasure, you willeventually be crushed to death by the
weight of expandinggold!"
"Okay, don't touch anything!"said Harry desperately, but even as he said it, Ron
accidentallynudged one of thefallengoblets withhis foot, and twenty more exploded
into being while Ron hopped on the spot, part of his shoe burned away by contact with
the hotmetal.
"Stand still, don'tmove!" said Hermione, clutching at Ron.
"Justlook around!" said Harry. "Remember, the cup's small and gold, it's got a
badger engraved on it, two handles ­ otherwise see ifyou can spot Ravenclaw's symbol
anywhere, the eagle ­"
They directed their wands into every nook and crevice, turning cautiously on the
spot. It was impossible not to brushup against anything; Harry sent a great cascade of
fake Galleons onto the ground where they joined the goblets, and now there was scarcely
room to place theirfeet, and the glowinggold blazed withheat, so that the vaultfeltlike a
furnace. Harry's wandlight passed over shields and goblin-made helmets set on shelves
rising to the ceiling;higher and higher he raised the beam, untilsuddenlyitfound an
object thatmade his heart skip and his hand tremble.
"It's there, it's up there!"
Ron and Hermione pointed there wands at it too, so that thelittlegolden cup
sparkled in a three-way spotlight:the cup thathad belonged to Helga Hufflepuff, which
had passed into the possession of Hepzibah Smith, fromwhomithad been stolen by Tom
Riddle.
"And how the hellare we going to get up there without touching anything?" asked
Ron.
"Accio Cup!" cried Hermione, who had evidentlyforgotteninher desperation
what Griphook had told them during their planning sessions.
"No use, no use!" snarled the goblin.
"Then what do we do?" said Harry, glaring at the goblin. "Ifyou want the sword,
Griphook, then you'llhave to help us more than ­ wait! Can I touch stuffwith the sword?
Hermione, giveithere!"
Hermionefumbled insider her robes, drew out a beaded bag, rummaged for a few
seconds, then removed the shining sword. Harry seized it byits rubied hilt and touched

the tip of the blade to a silver flagonnearby, which did notmultiply.
"If I can just poke the sword through a handle ­ but how am I going to get up
there?"
The shelf on which the cup reposed was out of reach for any of them, even Ron,
who was tallest. The heatfrom the enchanted treasure rose in waves, and sweat ran down
Harry's face and back as he struggled to think of a way up to the cup; and then he heard
the dragon roar on the other side of the vault door, and the sound of clankinggrowing
louder and louder.
They were truly trapped now:There was no way out except through the door, and
a horde of goblins seemed to be approaching on the other side. Harrylooked at Ron and
Hermione and saw terror in their faces.
"Hermione," said Harry, as the clankinggrew louder, "I've got to get up there,
we've got to get rid ofit ­"
She raised her wand, pointed it at Harry, and whispered, "Levicorpus."
Hoisted into the air by his ankle, Harry hit a suit of armor and replicas burst out of
itlike white-hot bodies, filling the cramped space. With screams of pain, Ron, Hermione,
and the two goblins were knocked asideinto other objects, which also began to replicate.
Half buried in a rising tide of red-hot treasure, they struggled and yelled has Harry thrust
the sword through the handle of Hufflepuff's cup, hookingit onto the blade.
"Impervius!" screeched Hermionein an attempt to protect herself, Ron, and the
goblinsfrom the burningmetal.
Then the worst screamyetmade Harry look down:Ron and Hermione were waist
deep in treasure, struggling to keep Bogrod from slipping beneath the rising tide, but
Griphook had sunk out of sight; and nothing but the tips of a few longfingers were leftin
view.
Harry seized Griphook's fingers and pulled. The blistered goblin emerged by
degrees, howling.
"Liberatocorpus!"yelled Harry, and with a crash he and Griphook landed on the
surface of the swelling treasure, and the sword flew out of Harry's hand.
"Getit!" Harry yelled, fighting the pain ofthe hotmetal on his skin, as Griphook
clambered onto his shoulders again, determined to avoid the swellingmass of red-hot
objects. "Where's the sword? It had the cup on it!"
The clanking on the other side of the door was growing deafening ­ it was too late
­
"There!"
It was Griphook who had seen it and Griphook who lunged, and in thatinstant

Harry knew that the goblinhad never expected them to keep their word. One hand
holding tightly to a fistful of Harry's hair, to make sure he did notfallinto the heaving
sea of burninggold, Griphook seized thehilt of the sword and swungithigh out of
Harry's reach. The tinygolden cup, skewered by the handle on the sword's blade was
flunginto the air. The goblin astride him, Harry dived and caughtit, and although he
could feelit scaldinghis fleshhe did not relinquishit, even while countless Hufflepuff
cups burstfromhisfist, raining downupon himas the entrance of the vault opened up
again and hefound himself slidinguncontrollably on an expanding avalanche offiery
gold and silver that bore him, Ron, Hermioneinto the outer chamber.
Hardly aware of the painfromthe burns coveringhis body, and stillborne along
the swellof replicating treasure, Harry shoved the cup into his pocket and reached up to
retrieve the sword, but Griphook was gone. SlidingfromHarry's shoulders themoment
he could, he had sprinted for cover amongst the surroundinggoblins, brandishingthe
sword and crying, "Thieves! Thieves! Help! Thieves!" He vanished into themidst of the
advancing crowd, all of whomwere holding daggers and who accepted himwithout
question.
Slipping on the hotmetal, Harry struggled to his feet and knew that the only way
out was through.
"Stupefy!"he bellowed, and Ron and Hermione joined in:Jets of red lightflew
into the crowd of goblins, and some toppled over, but others advanced, and Harry saw
several wizard guards running around the corner.
The tethered dragonlet out a roar, and a gush offlameflew over the goblins; The
wizards fled, doubled-up, back the way they had come, and inspiration, or madness,
came
to Harry. Pointinghis wand at the thick cuffs chaining the beast to thefloor, he yelled,
"Relashio!"
The cuffs broken open withloud bangs.
"This way!" Harry yelled, and stillshooting Stunning Spells at the advancing
goblins, he sprinted toward the blind dragon.
"Harry ­ Harry ­ what are you doing?" cried Hermione.
"Get up, climb up, come on ­"
The dragon had not realized thatitwas free:Harry's footfound the crook ofits
hindleg and he pulled himselfup onto its back. The scales were hard as steel;it did not
even seem to feelhim. He stretched out an arm; Hermione hoisted herselfup; Ron
climbed on behind them, and a second later the dragon became aware thatit was
untethered.

With a roar it reared:Harry duginhis knees, clutching as tightly as he could to
the jagged scales as the wings opened, knocking the shriekinggoblins aside like skittles,
and it soared into the air. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, flat onits back, scraped against the
ceiling as it dived toward the passage opening, while the pursuinggoblins hurled daggers
thatglanced offits flanks.
"We'llnever get out, it's too big!"Hermione screamed, but the dragon opened its
mouth and belched flame again, blastingthe tunnel, whose floors and ceiling cracked and
crumbled. By sheer force, the dragon clawed and foughtits way through. Harry's eyes
were shut tight against the heat and dust:Deafened by the crash of rock and the dragon's
roars, he could only cling to its back, expecting to be shaken off at anymoment; then he
heard Hermione yelling,"Defodio!"
She was helping the dragon enlarge the passageway, carving out the ceiling as it
struggled upward toward thefresher air, away from the shrieking and clankinggoblins:
Harry and Ron copied her, blasting the ceiling apart withmore gouging spells. They
passed the underground lake, and the great crawling, snarling beast seemed to sense
freedom and space ahead of it, and behind themthe passage was fullof the dragon's
thrashing, spiked tail, ofgreat lumps of rock, giganticfractured stalactites, and the
clanking of the goblins seemed to be growingmore muffled, while ahead, the dragon's
fire kept their progress clear ­
And then atlast, by the combined force of their spells and the dragon's brute
strength, they had blasted their way out of the passageinto themarble hallway. Goblins
and wizards shrieked and ran for cover, and finally the dragon had room to stretchits
wings:Turningits horned head toward the cool outside airit could smellbeyond the
entrance, it took off, and with Harry, Ron, and Hermione stillclinging to its back, it
forced its way through themetal doors, leaving them buckled and hangingfrom their
hinges, as it staggered into Diagon Alley and launched itselfinto the sky.




Chapter Twenty-Seven
The Final Hiding Place

There was no means of steering; the dragon could not see where it was
going, and Harry knew thatifit turned sharply or rolled inmidair they

would find itimpossible to cling onto its broad back. Nevertheless, as they
climbed higher and higher, London unfurling below themlike a gray-and-green
map, Harry's overwhelmingfeeling was of gratitude for an escape that had
seemed impossible. Crouchinglow over the beast's neck, he clung tight to
themetallic scales, and the cool breeze was soothing on his burned and
blistered skin, the dragon's wings beatingthe air like the sails of a
windmill. Behind him, whether from delight or fear he could not tell. Ron
kept swearing at the top of his voice, and Hermione seemed to be sobbing.
   After fiveminutes or so, Harrylost some ofhisimmediate dread that
the dragon was going to throw them off, for it seemed intent on nothing but
getting as far away fromits underground prison as possible; but the
question of how and when they were to dismount remained rather frightening.
He had no idea how long dragons could fly withoutlanding, nor how this
particular dragon, which could barely see, would locate a good place to put
down. He glanced around constantly,imagining that he could feelhis seat
prickling.
   How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they had broken into the
Lestranges' vault? How soon would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix?
How quickly would they realize what had been taken? And then, when they
discovered that the golden cup was missing? Voldemort would know, at last,
that they were hunting Horcruxes.
   The dragon seemed to crave cooler and fresher air. It climbed steadily
untilthey were flying through wisps of chilly cloud, and Harry could no
longer make out thelittle colored dots which were cars pouringin and out
of the capital. On and on theyflew, over countryside parceled outin
patches of green and brown, over roads and rivers winding through the
landscape like strips ofmatte and glossy ribbon.
   "What do you reckon it's lookingfor?"Ronyelled as theyflewfarther
and farther north.
   "No idea," Harry bellow back. His hands were numb with cold but he did
not date attempt to shifthis grip. He had been wonderingfor some time what
they would do if they saw the coast sailbeneath them, ifthe dragon headed
for open sealhe was cold and numb, not to mention desperatelyhungry and
thirsty. When, he wondered, had the beastitselflast eaten? Surelyitwould
need sustenance before long? And what if, at that point, it realized ithad
three highly edible humans sitting on its back?

   The sun slipped lower in the sky, which was turningindigo; and still
the dragonflew, cities and towns glidingout of sight beneath them, its
enormous shadow sliding over the earthlike a giant dark cloud. Every part
of Harry ached with the effort ofholding on to the dragon's back.
   "Is itmyimagination," shouted Ron after a considerable stretch of
silence, "or are we losingheight?"
   Harry looked down and saw deep green mountains and lakes, copperyin the
sunset. thelandscape seemed to grow larger and more detailed as he squinted
over the side of the dragon, and he wondered whether ithad divined the
presence offresh water by theflashes of reflected sunlight.
   Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great spiraling circles, honingin,
it seemed, upon one of the smaller lakes.
   "I say we jump whenitgets low enough!"Harry called back to the
others. "Straightinto the water before it realizes we're here!"
   They agreed, Hermione a littlefaintly, and now Harry could see the
dragon's wide yellow underbelly ripplinginthe surface of the water.
   "NOW!"
   He slithered over the side of the dragon and plummeted feetfirst toward
the surface of thelake; the drop was greater thanhe had estimated and he
hit the water hard, plunginglike a stoneinto a freezing, green,
reed-filled world. He kicked toward the surface and emerged, panting, to see
enormous ripples emanatingin circles fromthe places where Ron and Hermione
had fallen. The dragon did not seem to have noticed anything;itwas already
fiftyfeet away, swoopinglow over thelake to scoop up water inits scarred
snout. As Ron and Hermione emerged, spluttering and gasping, from the depths
of thelake, the dragon flew on, its wings beatinghard, and landed atlast
on a distant bank.
   Harry, Ron and Hermione struck outfor the opposite shore. Thelake did
not seem to be deep. Soon it was more a question offighting their way
through reeds and mud than swimming, and at last theyflopped, sodden,
panting, and exhausted, onto slippery grass.
   Hermione collapsed, coughing and shuddering. Though Harry could have
happilylain down and slept, he staggered to his feet, drew out his wand,
and started casting the usual protective spells around them.
    Whenhe had finished, he joined the others. It was thefirst time that
he had seen them properly since escapingfrom the vault. Bothhad angry red

burns all over their faces and arms, and their clothing was singed away in
places. They were wincing as they dabbed essence of dittany onto their many
injuries. Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out three bottles of
pumpkin juice she had broughtfrom ShellCottage and clean, dry robes for
all of them. They changes and then gulped down the juice.
   "Well, on the upside," said Ronfinally, who was sitting watching the
skin on his hands regrow, "we got the Horcrux. On the downside-"
   "-- no sword," said Harry throughgritted teeth, as he dripped dittany
through the singed holeinhis jeans onto the angry burn beneath.
   "No sword," repeated Ron. "That double-crossinglittle scab..."
   Harry pulled the Horcruxfromthe pocket of the wet jacket he had just
taken off and setit down on the grass infront of them. Glintingin the
sun, it drew their eyes as they swigged their bottles of juice.
   "Atleast we can't wear it this time, that'd look a bit weird hanging
around our necks," said Ron, wipinghis mouth on the back of hishand.
   Hermionelooked across thelake to thefar bank where the dragon was
stilldrinking.
   "What'llhappen to it, do you think?" she asked, "Willit be alright?"
   "You sound like Hagrid," said Ron,"It's a dragon, Hermione, it can look
after itself. It's us we need to worry about."
   "What do youmean?"
   "WellI don't know how to break this to you," said Ron,"but I think
they mighthave noticed we broke into Gringotts."
   Allthree of them started to laugh, and once started, it was difficult
to stop. Harry's ribs ached, hefeltlightheaded withhunger, but helay
back on the grass beneath the reddening sky and laughed untilhis throat was
raw.
   "What are we going to do, though?" said Hermionefinally, hiccuping
herself back to seriousness. "He'll know, won't he? You-Know-Who willknow
we know abouthis Horcruxes!"
   "Maybe they'll be too scared to tellhim!" said Ron hopefully,"Maybe
they'llcover up --"
   The sky, the smellof thelake water, the sound of Ron's voice were
extinguished. Pain cleaved Harry's head like a sword stroke. He was standing
in a dimlylit room, and a semicircle of wizards faced him, and on thefloor
at hisfeet knelt a small, quakingfigure.

  "What did you say to me?" His voice was high and cold, butfury and fear
burned inside him. The one thing thathe had dreaded - butit could not be
true, he could not see how...
  The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes high above his.
  "Sayit again!"murmured Voldemort. "Sayit again!"
  "M-my Lord," stammered the goblin,its black eyes wide with terror,
"m-my Lord... we t-tried to st-stop them... Im-impostors, my Lord... broke -
broke into the - into the Lestranges' vault..."
  "Impostors? What impostors? I thoughtGringotts had ways of revealing
impostors? Who were they?
  "It was... it was... the P-Potter b-boy and the t-two accomplices..."
  "And they took?" he said, hisvoice rising, a terriblefear gripping
him,"Tellme! What did they take?"
  "A... a s-smallgolden c-cup m-my Lord..."
  The scream of rage, of deniallefthimas ifitwere a stranger's. He
was crazed, frenzied, it could not be true, it was impossible, nobody had
known. How was it possible that the boy could have discovered his secret?
  The Elder Wand slashed through the air and greenlight erupted through
the room; the kneelinggoblinrolled over dead; the watching wizards
scattered before him, terrified. Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy threw others
behind themin their race for the door, and again and againhis wand fell,
and those who were left were slain, all ofthem, for bringinghimthis news,
for hearing about the golden cup -
  Alone amongst the dead he stomped up and down, and they passed before him
invision:his treasures, his safeguards, his anchors to immortality - the
diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen. Whatif, whatif, the boy knew
about the others? Could he know, had he already acted, had he traced more of
them? Was Dumbledore at the root of this? Dumbledore, who had always
suspected him;Dumbledore, dead on his orders; Dumbledore, whose wand was
hisnow, yet who reached outfrom theignominy of death through the boy, the
boy -
  But surelyif the boy had destroyed any of his Horcruxes, he, Lord
Voldemort, would have known, would have feltit? He, the greatest wizard of
them all;he, themost powerful;he, the killer of Dumbledore and of how
many other worthless, nameless men. How could Lord Voldemort not have known,
ifhe, himself,mostimportant and precious, had been attacked, mutilated?

   True, he had notfeltitwhen the diary had been destroyed, but he had
thought that was because he had no body to fell, beingless than ghost...
No, surely, the rest were safe... The other Horcruxes must be intact...
   But hemust know, hemust be sure... He paced the room, kicking aside
the goblin's corpse as he passed, and the pictures blurred and burned inhis
boiling brain:thelake, the shack, and Hogwarts -
   A modicum of calm cooled his rage now. How could the boy know that he
had hidden the ringin the Gaunt shack? No one had ever known himto be
related to the Gaunts, he had hidden the connection, the killings had never
been traced to him. The ring, surely, was safe.
   And how could the boy, or anybody else, know about the cave or penetrate
its protection? Theidea of thelocket being stolen was absurd...
   As for the school:He alone knew where in Hogwarts he had stowed the
Horcrux, because he alone had plumed the deepest secrets of that place...
   And there was still Nagini, who must remain close now, no longer sent to
do his bidding, under his protection...
   But to be sure, to be utterly sure, he must return to each of his hiding
places, hemust redouble protection around each ofhis Horcruxes... A job,
like the questfor the Elder Wand, that he mustundertake alone...
   Which should he visitfirst, which was inmost danger? An old unease
flickered inside him. Dumbledore had known hismiddle name... Dumbledore
mighthavemade the connection with the Gaunts... Their abandoned home was,
perhaps, theleast secure of hishiding places, itwas there that he would
go first...
   Thelake, surelyimpossible... though was there a slight possibility
that Dumbledoremighthave known some of his past misdeeds, through the
orphanage.
   And Hogwarts... but he knew the his Horcrux there was safe;itwould be
impossiblefor Potter to enter Hogsmeade without detection, let alone the
school. Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to thefact that
the boy might try to reenter the castle. ... To tell Snape why the boy might
return would befoolish, of course;ithad been a gravemistake to trust
Bellatrix and Malfoy. Didn't their stupidity and carelessness prove how
unwiseitwas ever to trust?
   He would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take Naginiwithhim. He
would not be parted from the snake anymore ... and he strode from the room,

through the hall, and outinto the dark garden where thefountain played; he
called the snake in Parseltongue and it slithered out to joinhimlike a
long shadow. ...
   Harry's eyes flew open as he wrenched himself back to the present. He
was lying on the bank of thelakein the setting sun, and Ron and Hermione
were looking down at him. Judging by their worried looks, and by the
continued pounding of his scar, his sudden excursion into Voldemort's mind
had not passed unnoticed. He struggled up, shivering, vaguely surprised that
he was stillwet to his skin, and saw the cup lyinginnocentlyin the grass
before him, and thelake, deep blue shot withgold in thefalling sun.
   "He knows." His own voice sounded strange and low after Voldemort's high
screams. "He knows and he's going to check where the others are, and the
last one,"he was already on his feet,"is at Hogwarts. I knew it. I knew
it."
   "What?"
   Ron was gaping at him; Hermione sat up, looking worried.
   "But what did you see? How do you know?"
   "I saw himfind out about the cup, I - I was inhis head, he's" - Harry
remembered the killings - "he's seriously angry, and scared too, he can't
understand how we knew, and now he's going to check the others are safe, the
ringfirst. He things the Hogwarts oneis safest, because Snape's there,
because it'll be so hard not to be seen gettingin. I think he'llcheck that
onelast, but he could stillbe there withinhours -"
   "Did you see where in Hogwarts itis?" asked Ron, now scrambling to his
feet too.
   "No, he was concentrating on warning Snape, he didn't think about
exactly whereitis -"
   "Wait, wait!" cried Hermione as Ron caughtup to the Horcrux and Harry
pulled out the Invisibility Cloak again."We can't just go, we haven't got a
plan, we need to -"
   "We need to get going," said Harryfirmly. He had been hoping to sleep,
lookingforward to gettinginto the new tent, but that was impossiblenow,
"Can youimagine what he's going to do once he realizes the ring and the
locket are gone? Whatifhemoves the Hogwarts Horcrux, decides itisn't
safe enough?
   "Buthow are we going to getin?"

  "We'llgo to Hogsmeade," said Harry,"and try to work something out once
we see what the protection around the school's like. Get under the Cloak,
Hermione, I want to stick together this time."
  "But we don't reallyfit -"
  "It'll be dark, no one's going to notice our feet."
   Theflapping of enormous wings echoed across the black water. The dragon
had drunk its filland risen into the air. They paused in their preparations
to watch it climb higher and higher, now black against the rapidly darkening
sky, untilitvanished over a nearby mountain. Then Hermione walked forward
and took her place between the other two, Harry pulled the Cloak down as far
as it would go, and together they turned on the spot into the crushing
darkness.


Chapter Twenty-Eight
The Missing Mirror

   Harry's feet touched the road. He saw the achinglyfamiliar Hogsmeade High Street:
dark shop
fronts, and themistline of black mountains beyond the village and the curvein the road
ahead that
led off toward Hogwarts, and light spillingfrom the windows of the Three Broomsticks,
and with a
lurch of the hear, he remembered with piercing accuracy, how he had landed here nearly
a year before,
supporting a desperately weak Dumbledore, allthisin a second, uponlanding -- and then,
even as he
relaxed hisgrip upon Ron's and Hermione's arms, ithappened.
         The air was rent by a scream that sounded like Voldemort's when he had realized
the cup had
been stolen:It tore at every nervein Harry's body, and he knew that their appearance had
caused it.
Even as helooked at the other two beneath the Cloak, the door of the Three Broomsticks
burst open
and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eaters dashed into the streets, their wands aloft.

        Harry seized Ron's wrist as he raised his wand; there were too many of themto
run. Even
attemptingit would have give away their position. One of the Death Eaters raised his
wand, and the
scream stopped, stillechoing around the distantmountains.
        "Accio Cloak!" roared one of the Death Eaters
        Harry seized hisfolds, butitmade no attempt to escape. The SummoningCharm
had not
worked on it.
        "Not under your wrapper, then, Potter?"yelled the Death Eater who had tried the
charm and
then to hisfellows. "Spread now. He's here."
        Six of the Death Eaters ran toward them:Harry, Ron and Hermione backed as
quickly as
possible down the nearest side street, and the Death Eaters missed them byinches. They
waited
inthe darkness, listening to thefootsteps runningup and down, beams oflightflying
along the street
fromthe Death Eaters' searching wands.
        "Let's justleave!" Hermione whispered. "Disapparate now!"
        "Greatidea," said Ron, but before Harry could reply, a Death Eater shouted,
        "We know you are here, Potter, and there's no getting away! We'llfind you!"
        "They were ready for us," whispered Harry."They set up that spellto tellthem
we'd come.
I reckon they've done something to keep us here, trap us - "
        "What about dementors?" called another Death Eater. "Let'emhavefree rein,
they'd find him
quick enough!"
        "The Dark Lord wants Potter dead by no hands but his - "
        " 'an dementors won't killhim! The Dark Lord wants Potter's life, nor his soul.
He'll be easier to
killifhe's been Kissed first!"
        There were noises of agreement. Dread filled Harry:To repel dementors they
would have to produce
Patronuses which would give them awayimmediately.
        "We're going to have to try to Disapparate, Harry!" Hermione whispered.

        Even as she said it, hefelt the unnatural cold being spread over the street. Light
was sucked from
the environment rightup to the stars, which vanished. In the pitch blackness, hefelt
Hermione take hold
of his arm and together, they turned on the spot.
        The air through which they needed to move, seemed to have become solid:They
could not
Disapparate; the Death Eaters had cast their charms well. The cold was biting deeper and
deeper
into Harry's flesh. He, Ron and Hermione retreated down the side street, gropingtheir
way along the wall
tryingnot to make a sound. Then, around the corner, glidingnoiselessly, came dementors,
ten or more
of them, visible because they were of a denser darkness than their surroundings, with
their black cloaks
and their scabbed and rottinghands. Could they sense fear in the vicinity? Harry was sure
ofit:They
seemed to be comingmore quicklynow, taking those dragging, rattling breaths he
detested, tasting
despair in the air, closingin -
        He raised his wand:He could not, would not suffer the Dementor's Kiss,
whatever
happened afterward.
It was of Ron and Hermione that he thought as he whispered "Expecto Patronum!"
        The silver stag burstfromhis wand and charged: The Dementors scattered and
there was a triumphant
yellfrom somewhere out of sight
        "It's him, down there, down there, I saw his Patronus, it was a stag!"
        The Dementors have retreated, the stars were popping out again and the
footsteps
of the Death Eaters
were becominglouder; but before Harryinhis panic could decide what to do, there was a
grinding of bolts
nearby, a door opened on theleft-side ofthe narrow street, and a roughvoice said:
"Potter, inhere, quick!"
        He obeyed without hesitation, the three of themhurried through the open

doorway.
         "Upstairs, keep the Cloak on, keep quiet!"muttered a tallfigure, passingthem on
his way into the street
and slammed the door behind him.
         Harry had had no idea where they were, but now he saw, by the stutteringlight of
a single candle,
the grubby, sawdust bar of the Hog's Head Inn. They ran behind the counter and through
a second doorway,
whichled to a trickery wooden staircase, that they climbed as fast as they could. The
stairs opened into
a sitting room with a durable carpet and a smallfireplace, above which hung a single
large oilpainting of a blonde
girlwho gazed out at the room with a kind of a vacant sweetness.
         Shouts reached from the streets below. Stillwearing the Invisibility Cloak on,
they hurried toward the
grimy window and looked down. Their savior, whomHarry now recognized as the Hog's
Head's barman, was
the only person not wearing a hood.
         "So what?"he was bellowinginto one of the hooded faces. "So what? You send
dementors downmy street,
I'llsend a Patronus back at'em! I'mnot having'emnear me, I've told you that. I'mnot
havingit!"
         "That wasn't your Patronus," said a Death Eater. "That was a stag. It was
Potter's!"
         "Stag!" roared the barman, and he pulled out a wand. "Stag! Youidiot - Expecto
Patronum!"
         Somethinghuge and horned erupted from the wand. Head down, it charged
toward the High Street, and
out of sight.
         "That's not what I saw" said the Death Eater, though was less certainly
         "Curfew's been broken, you heard the noise," one of his companions told the
barman. "Someone was
out on the streets against regulations - "
         "If I want to putmy cat out, I will, and be damned to your curfew!"
         "You set off the Caterwauling Charm?"
         "Whatif I did? Going to cartme off to Azkaban? Killmefor stickingmy nose out

my ownfront door? Do it,
then, ifyou want to! But I hope for your sakes you haven't pressed your little Dark
Marks,
and summoned him. He's
not going to like being called here, for me and my old cat, is he, now?"
          "Don't worry about us." said one of the Death Eaters, "worry about yourself,
breaking curfew!"
          "And where willyoulot traffic potions and poisons whenmy pub's closed down?
What willhappen to your
little sidelines then?"
          "Are you threatening - ?"
          "I keep mymouth shut, it's why you come here, isn'tit?"
          "I stillsay I saw a stag Patronus!"shouted thefirst Death Eater.
          "Stag?" roared the barman. "It's a goat, idiot!"
          "Allright, we made a mistake," said the second Death Eater. "Break curfew again
and we won't be so lenient!"
          The Death Eaters strode back towards the High Street. Hermionemoaned with
relief, wove outfromunder the Cloak,
and sat down on a wobble-legged chair. Harry drew the curtains then pulled the Cloak off
himself and Ron. They could hear the
barman down below, rebolting the door of the bar, then climbing the stairs.
          Harry's attention was caught by something on themantelpiece: a small,
rectangular mirror, propped on top ofit,
right beneath the portrait of the girl.
          The barman entered the room.
          "You bloody fools,"he said gruffly,lookingfrom one to the other of them. "What
were you thinking, cominghere?"
          "Thank you," said Harry."You can't thank you enough. You saved our lives!"
          The barman grunted. Harry approached himlookingup into theface: trying to see
past thelong, stringy, wire-gray hair
beard. He wore spectacles. Behind the dirty lenses, the eyes were a piercing, brilliant
blue.
          "It's your eye I've been seeingin themirror."
          There was a silencein the room. Harry and the barmanlooked at each other.
          "You sent Dobby."
          The barman nodded and looked around for the elf.

          "Thoughthe'd be withyou. Where've youlefthim?
          "He's dead," said Harry, "Bellatrix Lestrange killed him."
          The barmanface was impassive. After afew moments he said, "I'm sorry to hear
it, I liked that elf."
          He turned away, lightninglamps with prods of his wand, notlooking at any of
them.
          "You're Aberforth," said Harry to theman's back.
          He neither confirmed or denied it, but bent to light thefire.
          "How did you get this?" Harry asked, walking across to Sirius's mirror, the twin
of the one he had broken
nearly two years before.
          "BoughtitfromDung 'bout a year ago," said Aberforth. "Albus told me whatit
was. Been trying to keep
an eye outfor you."
          Ron gasped.
          "The silver doe,"he said excitedly,"Was that you too?"
          "What are you talking about?" asked Aberforth.
          "Someone sent a doe Patronus to us!"
          "Brainslike that, you could be a Death Eater, son. Haven't I just prove my
Patronus is a goat?"
          "Oh," said Ron,"Yeah... well, I'mhungry!"he added defensively as his stomach
gave an enormous
rumble.
          "Igotfood," said Aberforth, and he sloped out of the room, reappearingmoments
later with a large
loaf of bread, some cheese, and a pewter jug of mead, whichhe set upon a smalltablein
front of thefire.
Ravenous, they ate and drank, and for a while there was sound of chewing.
          "Right then," said Aberforth when the had eaten theirfilland Harry and Ron sat
slumped dozilyin
their chairs. "We need to think of the best way to get you out ofhere. Can't be done by
night, youheard what
happens if anyonemoves outdoors during darkness: Caterwauling Charm's set off, they'll
be onto youlike
bowtruckles on doxy eggs. I don't reckon I'll be able to pass of a stag as a goat a second
time. Waitfor daybreak

when curfew lifts, then you can putyour Cloak back on and set out onfoot. Get right out
of Hogsmeade, up into
themountains, and you'll be able to Disapparate there. Might see Hagrid. He's been
hidingin a cave up there with
Grawp ever since they tried to arrest him."
          "We're notleaving," said Harry. "We need to getinto Hogwarts."
          "Don't be stupid, boy," said Aberforth.
          "We've got to," said Harry.
          "What you've got to do," said Aberforth, leaningforward, "is to get as far from
here as fromhere as you
can."
          "You don't understand. Thereisn'tmuch time. We've got to getinto the castle.
Dumbledore - I mean,
your brother - wanted us - "
          Thefirelightmade the grimylenses of Aberforth's glasses momentarily opaque, a
brightflat white, and
Harry remembered the blind eyes of the giant spider, Aragog.
          "My brother Albus wanted a lot of things," said Aberforth,"and people had a
habit ofgettinghurt whilehe
was carrying outhis grand plans. You get away fromthis school, Potter, and out of the
country ifyou can. Forget
my brother and his clever schemes. He's gone where none of this can hurt him, and you
don't owe him anything."
          "You don't understand." said Harry again.
          "Oh, don't I? said Aberforth quietly. "You don't think I understood my own
brother? Think you know Albus
better than I did?"
          "I didn'tmean that," said Harry, whose brainfelt sluggish with exhaustion and
fromthe surfeit offood and wine.
"It's... heleftme a job."
          "Did he now?" said Aberforth. "Nice job, I hope? Pleasant? Easy? Sort of thing
you'd expect an unqualified
wizard kid to be able to do without overstretching themselves?"
          Ron gave a rather grimlaugh. Hermione was looking strained.
          "I-it's not easy, no," said Harry. "But I've got to - "
          "Got to? Why got to? He's dead, isn't he?" said Aberforth roughly."Letitgo,

boy,
before youfollow him!
Save yourself!"
         "I can't."
         "Whynot?"
         "I - " Harry felt overwhelmed; he could not explain, so he took the offensive
instead. "Butyou're fighting too,
you're in the Order of the Phoenix - "
         "I was," said Aberforth."The Order of the Phoenixis finished. You-Know-Who's
won, it's over, and anyone
who's pretending different's kidding themselves. It'llnever be safefor you here, Potter, he
wants you too badly.
So go abroad, go into hiding, save yourself. Best take these two withyou." He jerked a
thumb at Ron and Hermione.
"They'll be in danger long as theylive now everyone knows they've been working with
you."
         "I can't leave," said Harry. "I've got a job - "
         "Giveit to someone else!"
         "I can't. It's got to be me, Dumbledore explained it all - "
         "Oh, did he now? And did he tellyou everything, was he honest withyou?"
         Harry wanted himwith allhis heart to say"Yes," but somehow the simple word
would not rise to hislips,
Aberforth seemed to know whathe was thinking.
         "I knew my brother, Potter. He learned secrecy at our mother's knee. Secrets and
lies, that's how we grew
up, and Albus... he was a natural."
         The old man's eyes traveled to the painting of the girl over themantelpiece. It was,
now Harrylooked around
properly, the only picture in the room. There was no photograph of Albus Dumbledore,
nor of anyone else.
         "Mr. Dumbledore" said Hermione rather timidly."Is that your sister? Ariana?
         "Yes." said Aberforth tersely."Been reading Rita Skeeter, have you, missy?"
         Even by the rosylight of thefireit was clear that Hermionehad turned red.
         "Elphias Dogementioned her to us," said Harry, trying to spare Hermione.
         "That old berk,"muttered Aberforth, taking another swig ofmead. "Thought the
sun shone out ofmy

brother's every office, he did. Well, so did plenty of people, you threeincluded, by the
looks ofit."
         Harry kept quiet. He did not want to express the doubts and uncertainties about
Dumbledore that had
riddled himfor months now. He had made his choice whilehe dug Dobby's grave, he had
decided to continue
along the winding, dangerous pathindicated for himby Albus Dumbledore, to accept that
he had not been told
everything that he wanted to know, but simply to trust. He had no desire to doubt again;
he did not want o hear
anything that would deflect himfromhis purpose. He met Aberforth's gaze, which was so
strikinglylike his
brothers':The bright blue eyes gave the sameimpression that they were X-rayingthe
object of their scrutiny,
and Harry thought that Aberforth knew what he was thinking and despised himfor it.
         "Professor Dumbledore cared about Harry, verymuch," said Hermionein a low
voice.
         "Did he now?" said Aberforth. "Funny thinghow many of the peoplemy brother
cared about verymuch
ended up in a worse state than ifhe'd left 'em wellalone."
         "What do youmean?" asked Hermione breathlessly.
         "Never you mind," said Aberforth.
         "But that's a really serious thing to say!" said Hermione. "Are you - are you
talking about your sister?"
         Aberforth glared at her:His lips moved as ifhe were chewing the words he was
holding back. Then he burst
into speech.
         "Whenmy sister was sixyears old, she was attacked, by three Muggle boys.
They'd seen her doingmagic,
spying through the back garden hedge: She was a kid, she couldn't controlit, no witch or
wizard can at that age.
What they saw, scared them, I expect. They forced their way through the hedge, and
when she couldn't show them
the trick, theygot a bit carried away trying to stop thelittlefreak doingit."
         Hermione's eyes were hugein the firelight; Ron looked slightly sick. Aberforth
stood up, tall as Albus, and

suddenly terribleinhis anger and theintensity of his pain.
         "It destroyed her, what they did:She was never right again. She wouldn't use
magic, but she couldn't get rid
ofit;it turned inward and drove her mad, it exploded out of her when she couldn't control
it, and at times she was
strange and dangerous. Butmostly she was sweet and scared and harmless.
         "And myfather went after the bastards that did it," said Aberforth, "and attacked
them. And theylocked him
up in Azkaban for it. He never said whyhe'd doneit, because the Ministryhad known
what Ariana had become,
she'd have been locked up in St. Mungo's for good. They'd have seen her as a serious
threat to the International
Statute of Secrecy, unbalanced like she was, withmagic exploding out of her at moments
when she couldn't keep it
in anylonger.
         "We had to keep her safe and quiet. We moved house, putit about she was ill,
and
mymother looked after
her, and tried to keep her calm and happy.
         "I was her favourite,"he said, and as he said it, a grubby schoolboy seemed to
look out through Aberforth's
wrinkles and wrangled beard. "Not Albus, he was always up inhis bedroom whenhe was
home, readinghis books
and countinghis prizes, keepingup with his correspondence with"themost notable
magicalnames of the day,"
Aberforth succored. "He didn't want to be bothered withher. She liked me best. I could
get her to eat when she wouldn't
do itfor mymother, I could calmher down, when she was in one ofher rages, and when
she was quiet, she used to
help mefeed the goats.
         "Then, when she was fourteen... See, I wasn't there." said Aberforth."If I'd been
there, I could have calmed
her down. She had one of her rages, and mymother wasn't as young as she was, and . . .
it
was an accident. Ariana
couldn't controlit. Butmymother was killed."

         Harryfelt a horriblemixture of pity and repulsion;he did not want to hear any
more, but Aberforth kept talking,
and Harry wondered how longithad been since he had spoken about this; whether, in
fact, he had ever spoken aboutit.
        "So that put paid to Albus's trip round the world withlittle Doge. The pair of 'em
came homefor mymother's
funeral and then Doge went off on his own, and Albus settled down as head of thefamily.
Ha!"
         Aberforth spatinto thefire.
        "I'd havelooked after her, I told himso, I didn't care about school, I'd have
stayed
home and done it.
He told me I had to finishmy education and he'd take over frommymother. Bitof a
comedownfor Mr. Brilliant,
there's no prizes for looking after your half-mad sister, stoppingher blowingup the house
every other day. Buthe
did allrightfor a few weeks . . . tillhe came."
         And now a positively dangerous look crept over Aberforth's face.
        "Grindelwald. And at last, my brother had an equal to talk to someone just as
bright and talented he was. And
looking after Ariana took a backseat then, while they were hatching alltheir plansfor a
new Wizarding order and looking
for Hallows, and whatever else itwas they were so interested in. Grand plans for the
benefit of all Wizardkind, and if one
younggirlneglected, what did thatmatter, when Albus was workingfor the greater
good?
        "But after a few weeks of it, I'd had enough, I had. It was nearly timeforme to go
hack to Hogwarts, so I told 'em,
both of 'em, face-to-face, like I am to you, now," and Aberforthlooked downward
Harry,
and it took a littleimagination to
see him as a teenager, wiry and angry, confrontinghis elder brother. "I told him, you'd
better giveitup now. You can'tmove her,
she's inno fit state, you can't take her with you, wherever itis you're planning to go,
when you're makingyour clever speeches,
trying to whip yourselves up afollowing. He didn'tlike that." said Aberforth, and his

eyes were briefly occluded by thefireflight on
thelenses of hisglasses:They turned white and blind again. "Grindelwald didn'tlike that
at all. He got angry. He told me what a
stupid little boy I was, trying to stand in the way of him and my brilliant brother . . .
Didn't I understand, my poor sister wouldn't
have to be hidden once they'd changed the world, andled the wizards out ofhiding, and
taught the Muggles their place?
         "And there was an argument . . . and I pulled my wand, and he pulled outhis, and
I had the Cruciatus Curse used on
me by my brother's best friend - and Albus was trying to stop him, and then allthree of us
were dueling, and theflashinglights
and the bangs set her off, she couldn't stand it - "
         The color was drainingfromAberforth's face as thoughhe had suffered a mortal
wound.
         " - and I think she wanted to help, but she didn't really know what she was doing,
and I don't know which ofus did it,
it could have been any of us - and she was dead."
         His voice broke on thelast word and he dropped downinto the nearest chair.
Hermione's face was wet with tears, and Ron
was almost as pale as Aberforth. Harry feltnothing but revulsion:He wished he had not
heard it, wished he could washismind clean ofit.
         "I'm so . . . I'm so sorry," Hermione whispered.
         "Gone," croaked Aberforth."Goneforever."
         He wiped his nose on hiss cuff and cleared his throat.
         " 'Course, Grindelwald scarpered. He had a bit of a track record already, back in
his own country, and he didn't want Ariana
set to his account too. And Albus was free, wasn't he? Free of the burden of his sister,
free to become the greatest wizard of the - "
         "He was never free," said Harry.
         "I beg your pardon?" said Aberforth.
         "Never," said Harry. "The night that your brother died, he drank a potion that
drove him out ofhismind. He started screaming,
pleading with someone who wasn't there. 'Don't hurt them, please . . . hurtmeinstead.' "
         Ron and Hermione were staringat Harry. He had never goneinto details about
what had happened on theisland on thelake:
The events that had taken place after he and Dumbledore had returned to Hogwarts had

eclipsed it so thoroughly.
         "He thoughthe was back there withyou and Grindelwald, I know he did," said
Harry, remembering Dumbledore whispering, pleading.
"He thoughthe was watching Grindelwald hurtingyou and Ariana . . . It was torture to
him,ifyou'd seen himthen, you wouldn't say he was free."
         Aberforth seemed lostin contemplation ofhis own knotted and veined hands.
After a long pause he said. "How can you be sure, Potter,
thatmy brother wasn'tmore interested inthe greater good thaninyou? How can you be
sure you aren't dispensable, justlike mylittle sister?"
         A shard ofice seemed to pierce Harry's heart.
         "I don't believeit. Dumbledore loved Harry," said Hermione.
         "Why didn't he tellhimto hide, then? shot back Aberforth. "Why didn't he say to
him, 'Take care of yourself, here's how to survive' ?"
         "Because," said Harry before Hermione could answer, "sometimes you've got to
think aboutmore than your own safety! Sometimes
you've got to think about the greater good! Thisis war!"
         "You're seventeen, boy!"
         "I'm of age, and I'mgoing to keep fighting evenifyou've given up!"
         "Who says I've given up?"
         "The Order of the Phoenixisfinished," Harry repeated, "You-Know-Who's won,
it's over, and anyone who's pretending different's kidding
themselves."
         "I don't say I like it, butit's the truth!"
         "No, itisn't." said Harry. "Your brother knew how to finish You-Know-Who and
he passed the knowledge on to me. I'm going to keep going
untilI succeed - or I die. Don't think I don't know how thismight end. I've knownitfor
years."
         He waited for Aberforth to jeer or to argue, but he did not. He merelymoved.
         "We need to getinto Hogwarts," said Harry again."Ifyou can't help us, we'llwait
tilldaybreak, leave youin peace, and try to find a way
in ourselves. Ifyou can help us - well, now would be a great time to mentionit."
         Aberforth remained fixed inhis chair, gazing at Harry with the eye, that were so
extraordinarilylike his brother's. Atlast he cleared his
throat, got to his feet, walked around thelittle table, and approached the portrait of
Ariana.
         "You know what to do,"he said.

         She smiled, turned, and walked away, not as peoplein portraits usually did, one
of
the sides of their frames, but along what seemed to
be a long tunnel painted behind her. They watched her slightfigure retreatinguntilfinally
she was swallowed by the darkness.
         "Er - what - ?" began Ron.
         "There's only one wayinnow," said Aberforth. "Youmust know they've got all
the old secret passageways covered at both ends, dementors
all around the boundary walls, regular patrolsinside the schoolfromwhatmy sources tell
me. The place has never been so heavilyguarded.
How you expect to do anything once yougetinside it, with Snape in charge and the
Carrows as his deputies. . . well, that's your lookout, isn'tit?
You say you're prepared to die."
         "But what . . . ?" said Hermione,frowning at Ariana's picture.
         A tiny white dot reappeared at the end of the painted tunnel, and now Ariana was
walking back toward them, growing bigger and bigger
as she came. But there was somebody else withher now, someone taller than she was,
who was limping along, looking excited. His hair was
longer than Harry had ever seen. He appeared and torn. Larger and larger the two figures
grew, until only their heads and shoulders filled the portrait.
Then the whole thing swangforward on the walllike a little door, and the entrance to a
real tunnelwas revealed. And our ofit, hishair overgrown,
hisface cut, his robes ripped, clambered the real NevilleLongbottom, who gave a roar of
delight, leapt downfrom themantelpiece and yelled.
"I knew you'd come! I knew it, Harry!"


Chapter Twenty-Nine
The Lost Diadem

"Neville -- what the -- how -- ?"
But Nevillehad spotted Ron and Hermione, and withyells of delight was hugging
themtoo. Thelonger Harrylooked at Neville, the worse he appeared: One of his eyes
was swollenyellow and purple, there were gougemarks on hisface, and his general air of
unkemptness suggested that he had beenliving enough. Nevertheless, his battered visage

shone withhappiness as helet go of Hermione and said again, "I knew you'd come! Kept
telling Seamusit was a matter of time!"
"Neville, what's happened to you?"
"What? This?" Neville dismissed hisinjuries with a shake of the head. "Thisis
nothing, Seamusis worse. You'llsee. Shallwe get going then? Oh,"he turned to
Aberforth, "Ab, theremight be a couple more people no the way."
"Couplemore?" repeated Aberforth ominously. "What d'you mean, a couple
more, Longbottom? There's a curfew and a Camwaulding Charm on the whole village!"
"I know, that's why they'll be Apparating directlyinto the bar," said Neville.
"Just send them down the passage when they get here, willyou? Thanks a lot."
Nevilleheld out hishand to Hermione and helped her to climb up onto the
mantelpiece and into the tunnel; Ronfollowed, then Neville. Harry addressed Aberforth.
"I don't know how to thank you. You've saved our lives twice."
"Look after `em, then," said Aberforth gruffly."I mightnot be able to save `ema
third time."
Harry chambered up onto themantelpiece and through the hole behind Ariana's
portrait. There were smooth stone steps on the other side: Itlooked as though the
passageway had been therefor years. Brass lamps hungfromthe walls and the earthy
floor was worn and smooth; as they walked, their shadows rippled, fanlike, across the
wall.
"How long's this been here?" Ron asked as they set off. "Itisn't on the
Marauder's Map, isit Harry? I thought there were only seven passages in and out of
school?"
"They sealed off allof those before the start of the year," said Neville. "There's
no chance of getting through any of themnow, not with the curses over the entrances and
Death Eaters and dementors waiting at the exits." He started walking backward, beaming,
drinking themin. "Never mind that stuff ... Is it true? Did you break into Gringotts? Did
you escape on a dragon? It's everywhere, everyone's talking aboutit, Terry Boot got
beaten up by Carrow for yelling aboutit inthe Great Hall at dinner!"
"Yeah, it's true," said Harry.
Nevillelaughed gleefully.
"What did you do with the dragon?"
"Released itinto the wild," said Ron. "Hermione was allfor keepingit as a pet"
"Don't exaggerate, Ron ­"
"But whathave you been doing? Peoplehave been sayingyou've just been on the
run, Harry, but I don't think so. I think you've been up to something."

"You're right," said Harry, "but tellus about Hogwarts, Neville, we haven'theard
anything."
"It's been .... Well,it's not reallylike Hogwarts anymore," said Neville, the smile
fadingfromhisface as he spoke. "Do you know about the Carrows?"
"Those two Death Eaters who teach here?"
"They do more than teach," said Neville. "They're in charge of all discipline.
Theylike punishment, the Carrows."
"Like Umbridge?"
"Nah, they make her look tame. The other teachers are allsupposed to refer us to
the Carrows if we do anything wrong. They don't, though, if they can avoid it. You can
tellthey allhate them as much as we do."
"Amycus, the bloke, he teaches what used to be Defense Against the Dark Arts,
except now it's just the Dark Arts. We're supposed to practice the Cruciatus Curse on
people who've earned detentions ­ "
"What?"
Harry, Ron, and Hermione's united voices echoed up and down the passage.
"Yeah," said Neville. "That's how I got this one,"he pointed at a particularly
deep gashinhis cheek, "I refused to do it. Some people are into it, though; Crabbe and
Goyleloveit. First time they've ever been top in anything, I expect."
"Alecto, Amycus's sister, teaches Muggle Studies, whichis compulsory for
everyone. We've allgot to listen to her explainhow Muggles arelike animals, stupid and
dirty, and how they drive wizards into hiding by beingvicious toward them, and how the
natural order is being reestablished. I got this one,"heindicated another slash to hisface,
"for askingher how much Muggle blood she and her brother have got."
"Blimey, Neville," said Ron, "there's a time and a place for getting a smart
mouth."
"You didn't see her," said Neville. "You wouldn'thave stood it either. The thing
is, ithelps when people stand up to them, itgives everyone hope. I used to notice that
when you did it, Harry."
"But they've used you as a knife sharpener," said Ron, winding slightly as they
passed a lamp and Neville's injuries were throwninto even greater relief.
Neville shrugged.
"Doesn'tmatter. They don't want to spilltoo much pure blood, so they'lltorture
us a bitifwe're mouthy but they won't actually killus."
Harry did not know what was worse, the things that Neville was saying or the
matter-of-fact tonein which he said them.

"The only peoplein real danger are the ones whosefriends and relatives on the
outside are giving trouble. They get takenhostage. Old Xeno Lovegood was getting a bit
too outspoken in The Quibbler, so they dragged Luna off the train on the way back for
Christmas."
"Neville, she's allright, we've seen her ­"
"Yeah, I know, shemanaged to get a message to me."
Fromhis pocket he pulled a golden coin, and Harry recognized it as one of the
fake Galleons that Dumbledore's Army had used to send one another messages.
"These have been great," said Neville, beaming at Hermione. "The Carrows never
rumbled how we were communicating, it drove themmad. We used to sneak out at night
and put graffiti on the walls:Dumbledore's Army, Still Recruiting, stufflike that. Snape
hated it."
"You used to?" said Harry, who had noticed the past tense.
"Well,itgotmore difficult as time went one," said Neville. "Welost Luna at
Christmas, and Ginnynever came back after Easter, and the three of us were sort of the
leaders. The Carrows seemed to know I was behind alot ofit, so they started coming
down onme hard, and then Michael Corner went and got caught releasing a first-year
they'd chained up, and they tortured himpretty badly. That scared people off."
"No kidding,"muttered Ron, as the passage began to slope upward.
"Yeah, well, I couldn't ask people to go through what Michael did, so we dropped
those kinds of stunts. But we were stillfighting, doingunderground stuff, rightup until a
couple of weeks ago. That's when they decided there was only one way to stop me, I
suppose, and they wentfor Gran."
"They what?" said Harry, Ron, and Hermione together.
"Yeah," said Neville, panting a little now, because the passage was climbing so
steeply, "well, you can see their thinking. It had worked really well, kidnapping kids to
force their relatives to behave. I s'pose itwas only a matter of time before they did it the
other way around. Thing was,"hefaced them, and Harry was astonished to see that he
was grinning, "they bit off a bitmore than they could chew with Gran. Little old witch
living alone, they probably thoughthey didn't need to send anyone particularly powerful.
Anyway," Nevillelaughed, "Dawlishis stillin St. Mungo's and Gran's on the run. She
sentme a letter,"he clapped a hand to the breast pocket of his robes, "tellingme she was
proud ofme, that I'mmy parent's son, and to keep itup."
"Cool," said Ron.
"Yea," said Nevillehappily. "Only thing was, once they realized they had no hold
over me, they decided Hogwarts could do withoutme after all. I don't know whether they

were planning to killme or send me to Azkaban, either way, I knew it was time to
disappear."
"But," said Ron, looking thoroughly confused, "aren't ­ aren't we heading
straight back for Hogwarts?"
"'Course," said Neville. "You'llsee. We're here."
They turned a corner and there ahead ofthemwas the end of the passage. Another
shortflight of steps led to a door justlike the one hidden behind Ariana's portrait. Neville
pushed it open and climbed through. As Harryfollowed, he heard Neville calloutfor
unseen people:
"Look who itis! Didn't I tellyou?"
As Harry emerged into the room behind the passage, there were several screams
and yells:"HARRY!""It's Potter, it's POTTER!""Ron!""Hermione!"
He had a confused impression of colored hangings, oflamps and manyfaces. The
nextmoment, he, Ron, and Hermione were engulfed, hugged, pounded on the back, their
hair ruffled, their hands shaken, by what seemed to be more than twenty people. They
mighthave just won a Quidditchfinal.
"Okay, okay, calm down!" Neville called, and as the crowd backed away, Harry
was able to take in their surroundings.
He did not recognize the dorm at all. It was enormous, and looked rather like the
interior of a particularly sumptuous tree house, or perhaps a gigantic ship's cabin.
Multicolored hammocks were strungfromthe ceiling and from the balcony that ran
around the dark wood-paneled and windowless walls, which were covered in bright
tapestry hangings. Harry saw the gold Gryffindor lion, emblazoned on scarlet; the black
badger of Hufflepuff, set against yellow; and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw, on blue.
The silver and green of Slytherin alone were absent. There were bulging bookcases, a few
broomsticks propped against the walls, and in the corner, a large wood-cased wireless.
"Where are we?"
"Room of Requirement, of course!" said Neville. "Surpassed itself,hasn'tit? The
Carrows were chasingme, and I knew I had just one chance for a hideout: I managed to
get through the door and thisis what I found! Well, it wasn't exactlylike this when I
arrived, it was a load smaller, there was only one hammock and just Gryffindor hangings.
Butit's expanded as more and more of the D.A. have arrived."
"And the Carrows can't getin?" asked Harry, looking around for the door.
"No," said Seamus Finnigan, whomHarry had not recognized untilhe spoke:
Seamus's face was bruised and puffy."It's a proper hideout, as long as one of us stays in
here, they can't get at us, the door won't open. It's all down to Neville. He reallygets this

room. You've got to ask for exactly what you need ­ like, "I don't want any Carrow
supporters to be able to getin' ­ and it'lldo itfor you! You've just got to make sure you
close theloopholes. Neville's theman!"
"It's quite straightforward, really,"said Nevillemodestly. "I'd been inhere about
a day and a half, and getting reallyhungry, and wishing I could get something to eat, and
that's when the passage to Hog's Head opened up. I went throughit and met Aberforth.
He's been providingus withfood, because for some reason, that's the one thing the room
doesn't really do.
"Yeah, well,food's one of thefive exceptions to Gamp's Law of Elemental
Transfiguration," said Ron to general astonishment.
"So we've been hiding out here for nearlytwo weeks," said Seamus, "and it just
makes more hammocks every timewe need room, and it even sprouted a pretty good
bathroom once girls started turningup ­ "
"--and thought they'd quitelike to wash, yes," supplied Lavender Brown, whom
Harry had not noticed untilthat point. Now that helooked around properly, he
recognized
manyfamiliar faces. Both Patiltwins were there, as were Terry Boot, Ernie Macmillan,
Anthony Goldstein, and Michael Corner.
"Tellus whatyou've been up to, though," said Ernie. "There've been so many
rumors, we've been trying to keep up with you on Potterwatch." He pointed at the
wireless. "You didn't break into Gringotts?"
"They did!" said Neville. "And the dragon's true too!"
There was a smattering of applause and a few whoops; Ron took a bow.
"What were you after?" asked Seamus eagerly.
Before any of them could parry the question with one of their own, Harryfelt a
terrible, scorching painin thelightning scar. As he turned his back hastily on the curious
and delighted faces, the Room of Requirement vanished, and he was standinginside a
ruined stone shack, and the rottingfloorboards were ripped apart at his feet, a disinterred
golden boxlay open and empty beside the hole, and Voldemort's scream offuryvibrated
inside his head.
With an enormous effort he pulled out ofVoldemort's mind again, back to where
he stood, swaying, in the Room of Requirement, sweat pouringfromhisface and Ron
holdinghimup.
"Are you allright, Harry?" Nevillewas saying. "What to sit down? I expect
you're tired, aren't -- ?"
"No," said Harry. He looked at Ron and Hermione, trying to tellthemwithout

words that Voldemort had just discovered theloss of one of the other Horcruxes. Time
was running outfast: If Voldemort chose to visit Hogwarts next, they would miss their
chance.
"We need to get going,"he said, and their expressions told himthat they
understood.
"What are we going to do, then, Harry?" asked Seamus. "What's the plan?"
"Plan?" repeated Harry. He was exercising allhis willpower to preventhimself
succumbing again to Voldemort's rage:His scar was stillburning. "Well, there's
something we ­ Ron, Hermione, and I ­ need to do, and then we'llget out ofhere."
Nobody was laughing or whooping anymore. Nevillelooked confused.
"What d'youmean, `get out ofhere'?"
"We haven't come back to stay," said Harry, rubbinghis scar, trying to soothe the
pain. "There's somethingimportant we need to do ­ "
"Whatisit?"
"I ­ I can't tellyou."
There was a ripple ofmuttering at this:Neville's brows contracted.
"Why can't you tellus? It's something to do withfighting You-Know-Who,
right?"
"Well, yeah ­ "
"Then we'llhelp you."
The other members of Dumbledore's Army were nodding, some enthusiastically,
others solemnly. A couple of them rose from their chairs to demonstrate their willingness
for immediate action.
"You don't understand," Harry seemed to have said that a lotin thelastfew hours.
"We ­ we can't tellyou. We've got to do it ­ alone."
"Why?" asked Neville.
"Because ... " In his desperation to startlookingfor themissing Horcrux, or at
least have a private discussion with Ron and Hermione about where they might
commence their search. Harryfound it difficult to gather his thoughts. His scar was still
searing. "Dumbledoreleft the three of us a job,"he said carefully,"and we weren't
supposed to tell­ I mean, he wanted us to do it, just the three of us."
"We're his army," said Neville. "Dumbledore's Army. We were allinit together,
we've been keepingitgoing whileyou three have been off on your own ­"
"It hasn't exactly been a picnic, mate," said Ron.
"I never said ithad, but I don't see whyyou can't trust us. Everyonein this
room's been fighting and they've been driveninhere because the Carrows were hunting

them down. Everyoneinhere's proven they're loyalto Dumbledore ­ loyalto you."
"Look,"Harry began, without knowingwhat he was going to say, butit did not
matter. The tunnel door had just opened behind him.
"We got your message, Neville! Hello you three, I thoughtyoumust be here!"
It was Luna and Dean. Seamus gave a great roar of delight and ran to hughis best
friend.
"Hi, everyone!" said Lunahappily. "Oh,it's great to be back!"
"Luna," said Harry distractedly, "what are you doinghere? How did you -- ?"
"I sentfor her," said Neville, holdingup thefake Galleon. "I promised her and
Ginny thatifyou turned up I'd let them know. We allthought thatifyou came back, it
would mean revolution. That we were going to overthrow Snape and the Carrows."
"Of course that's whatitmeans," said Luna brightly. "Isn'tit, Harry? We're
going to fight them out of Hogwarts?"
"Listen," said Harry with a rising sense of panic, "I'msorry, but that's not what
we came back for. There's something we've got to do, and then ­"
"You're going to leave us in this mess?" demanded Michael Cornet.
"No!" said Ron. "What we're doing willbenefit everyonein the end, it's allabout
trying to get rid of You-Know-Who ­ "
"Thenletus help!" said Neville angrily. "We want to be a part ofit!"
There was another noise behind them, and Harry turned. Hisheart seemed to fall:
Ginny was now climbing through the hole in the wall, closelyfollowed by Fred, George,
and Lee Jordan. Ginnygave Harry a radiant smile:He had forgotten, he had never fully
appreciated, how beautifulshe was, but he had never beenless pleased to see her.
"Aberforth's getting a bit annoyed," said Fred, raisinghis hand in answer to
several cries of greeting. "He wants a kip, and his bar's turned into a railway station."
Harry's mouthfellopen. Right behind Lee Jordan came Harry's old girlfriend,
Cho Chang. She smiled at him.
"I got themessage," she said, holdingup her ownfake Galleon and she walked
over to sit beside Michael Corner.
"So what's the plan, Harry?" said George.
"There isn't one," said Harry, still disoriented by the sudden appearance of all
these people, unable to take everythingin whilehis scar was stillburning so fiercely.
"Just going to make itup as we go along, are we? My favorite kind," said Fred.
"You've got to stop this!"Harry told Neville. "What did you callthem all back
for? Thisisinsane ­ "
"We're fighting, aren't we?" said Dean, taking out hisfake Galleon. "The

message said Harry was back, and we were going to fight! I'llhave to get a wand, though
­"
"You haven't got a wand--?" began Seamus.
Ron turned suddenly to Harry.
"Why can't they help?"
"What?"
"They can help." He dropped hisvoice and said, so that none of them could hear
but Hermione, who stood between them, "We don't know where itis. We've got to find
it
fast. We don't have to tellthemit's a Horcrux."
Harry looked fromRon to Hermione, who murmured, "I think Ron's right. We
don't even know what we're lookingfor, we need them." And when Harry looked
unconvinced, "You don't have to do everything alone, Harry."
Harry thoughtfast, his scar stillprickling, his head threatening to split again.
Dumbledore had warned him against telling anyone but Ron and Hermione about the
Horcruxes. Secrets and lies, that's how we grew up, and Albus ... he was a natural ...
Was he turninginto Dumbledore, keepinghis secrets clutched to his chest, afraid to trust?
But Dumbledore had trusted Snape, and where had thatled? To murder at the top of the
highest tower ...
"Allright,"he said quietly to the other two. "Okay,"he called to the room at large,
and allnoise ceased: Fred and George, who had been cracking jokes for the benefit of
those nearest, fellsilent, and allof thelooked alert, excited.
"There's something we need to find,"Harry said. "Something ­ something that'll
help us overthrow You-Know-Who. It's here at Hogwarts, but we don't know where. It
mighthave belonged to Ravenclaw. Has anyone heard of an object like that? Has anyone
come across something withher eagle onit, for instance?"
Helooked hopefully toward thelittle group of Ravenclaws, to Padma, Michael,
Terry, and Cho, butitwas Luna who answered, perched on the arm of Ginny's chair.
"Well, there's her lost diadem. I told you aboutit, remember, Harry? Thelost
diadem of Ravenclaw? Daddy's trying to duplicate it."
"Yeah, but thelost diadem," said Michael Corner, rollinghis eyes, "is lost, Luna.
That's sort of the point."
"When was itlost?" asked Harry.
"Centuries ago, they say," said Cho, and Harry's heart sank. "Professor Flitwick
says the diademvanished with Ravenclaw herself. People havelooked, but," she
appealed to her fellow Ravenclaws. "Nobody's ever found a trace of it, have them?"

They allshook their heads.
"Sorry, but what is a diadem?" asked Ron.
"It's a kind of crown," said Terry Boot. "Ravenclaw's was supposed to have
magical properties, enhance the wisdom of the wearer."
"Yes, Daddy's Wrackspurt siphons ­ "
But Harry cut across Luna.
"And none of you have ever seen anything thatlooks like it?
They allshook their heads again. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and his own
disappointment was mirrored back at him. An object that had been lost this long, and
apparently without trace, did not seemlike a good candidate for the Horcruxhidden in
the castle ... Before he could formulate a new question, however, Cho spoke again.
"Ifyou'd like to see what the diadem's supposed to look like, I could take you up
to our common room and show you, Harry. Ravenclaw's wearingitinher statue."
Harry's scar scorched again: For a moment the Room of Requirement swam
before him, and he saw instead the dark earth soaring beneath him and felt the great
snake wrapped around his shoulders. Voldemort was flying again, whether to the
underground lake or here, to the castle, he did not know:Either way, there was hardly
any timeleft.
"He's on themove,"he said quietly to Ron and Hermione. He glanced at Cho and
then back at them. "Listen, I know it's not much of a lead, but I'mgoing to go look at
this statue, at least find out what the diademlooks like. Waitfor mehere and keep, you
know ­ the other one ­ safe."
Cho had got to her feet, but Ginny said rather fiercely, "No, Luna willtake Harry,
won't you, Luna?"
"Oooh, yes, I'd like to," said Luna happily, as Cho sat down again,looking
disappointed.
"How do we get out?" Harry asked Neville.
"Over here."
"Heled Harry and Luna to a corner, where a smallcupboard opened onto a steep
staircase. "It comes out somewhere different every day, so they've never been able to
find it,"he said. "Only troubleis, we never know exactly where we're going to end up
when we go out. Be careful, Harry, they're always patrolling the corridors at night."
"No problem," said Harry. "See youina bit."
He and Lunahurried up the staircase, which was long, lit by torches, and turned
corners inunexpected places. Atlast they reached what appeared to be solid wall.
"Get under here," Harry told Luna, pulling out the Invisibility Cloak and throwing

it over both of them. He gave the wallalittle push.
It melted away at his touch and they slipped outside. Harry glanced back and saw
thatithad resealed itself at once. They were standingin a dark corridor. Harry pulled
Luna back into the shadows, fumbled inthe pouch around his neck, and took out the
Marauder's Map. Holdingit close to his nose he searched, and located his and Luna's
dots atlast.
"We're up on thefifthfloor,"he whispered, watchingfilchmoving awayfrom
them, a corridor ahead. "Come on, this way."
They crept off.
Harry had prowled the castle at nightmany times before, but never had his heart
hammered thatfast, never had so much depended on his safe passage through the place.
Through squares of moonlightupon thefloor, past suits of armor whose helmets creaked
at the sound of their softfootsteps, around corners beyond which who knew whatlurked.
Harry and Luna walked, checking the Marauder's Map whenever light permitted, twice
pausing to allow a ghost to pass without drawing attention to themselves. He expected to
encounter an obstacle at anymoment; his worstfear was Peeves, and he strained his ears
with every step to hear thefirst, telltale signs of the poltergeist's approach.
"The way, Harry," breathed Luna, pluckinghis sleeve and pullinghimtoward a
spiral staircase.
They climbed in tight, dizzying circles; Harry had never been up here before. At
last they reached a door. There was no handle and no keyhole:nothing but a plain
expanse of aged wood, and a bronze knocker in the shape an eagle.
Luna reached out a pale hand, whichlooked eeriefloatinginmidair, unconnected
to arm or body. She knocked once, andin the silence it sounded to Harry like a cannon
blast. At once the beak of the eagle opened, butinstead of a bird's called, a soft, musical
voice said, "Which camefirst, the phoenix or theflame?"
"Hmm... What do you think, Harry?" said Luna, looking thoughtful.
"What? Isn't there a password?"
"Oh no, you've got to answer a question," said Luna.
"Whatifyou getitwrong?"
"Well, you have to waitfor somebody who gets it right," said Luna. "That way
youlearn, you see?"
"Yeah ... Troubleis, we can't really afford to waitfor anyone else, Luna."
"No, I see whatyoumean," said Luna seriously. "Wellthen, I think the answer is
that a circle has no beginning."
"Wellreasoned," said the voice, and the door swung open.

The deserted Ravenclaw common roomwas a wide, circular room, airier than any
Harry had ever seen at Hogwarts. Gracefularched windows punctuated the walls, which
were hung with blue-and-bronze silks. By day, the Ravenclaws would have a spectacular
view of the surroundingmountains. The ceiling was domed and painted with stars, which
were echoed in themidnight-blue carpet. There were tables, chairs, and bookcases, and
in
a niche opposite the door stood a tallstatue of whitemarble.
Harry recognized Rowena Ravenclaw from the busthe had seen at Luna's house.
The statue stood beside a door thatled, he guessed, to dormitories above. He strode right
up to themarble woman, and she seemed to look back at himwith a quizzicalhalfsmile
on her face, beautifulyet slightlyintimidating. A delicate-looking circlet had been
reproduced inmarble on top of her head. It was not unlike the tiara Fleur had worn at her
wedding. There were tiny words etched into it. Harry stepped outfromunder the Cloak
and climbed up onto Ravenclaw's plinth to read them.
 "'Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure.'"
"Which makes you pretty skint, witless," said a cacklingvoice.
Harry whirled around, slipped off the plinth, and landed on thefloor. The sloping-
shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow was standing before him, and even as Harry raised
his wand, she pressed a stubbyforefinger to the skull and snake branded on her forearm.


Chapter Thirty
The Sacking of Severus Snape

Themoment her finger touched the Mark, Harry's scar burned savagely, the starry
roomvanished from sight, and he was standingupon an outcrop of rock beneath a cliff,
and the sea was washing around him and there was a triumph in his heart ­ They have
the
boy.
A loud bang broughtHarry back to where he stood. Disoriented, he raised his
wand, but the witch before himwas already fallingforward; she hit the ground so hard
that the glass in the bookcases tinkled.
"I've never Stunned anyone except in our D.A. lessons," said Luna, sounding
mildlyinterested. "That was noisier than I thoughitwould be."
And sure enough, the ceilinghad begunto tremble Scurrying, echoingfootsteps

were growinglouder from behind the door leading to the dormitories. Luna's spellhad
woken Ravenclaws sleeping above.
"Luna, where are you? I need to get under the Cloak!"
Luna's feet appeared out of nowhere,; he hurried to her side and shelet the Cloak
fallback over them as the door opened and a stream of Ravenclaws, allin their
nightclothes, flooded into the common room. there were gasps and cries of surprise as
they saw Alecto lying there unconscious. Slowly they shuffled in around her, a savage
beast thatmightwake at anymoment and attack them. Then one bravelittlefirst-year
darted up to her and prodded her backside withhis big toe.
"I think shemight be dead!"he shouted with delight.
"Oh look,"whispered Luna happily, as the Ravenclaws crowded in around Alecto.
"They're pleased!"
"Yeah... great... "
Harry closed his eyes, and as his scar throbbed he chose to sink againinto
Voldemort's mind.... He was moving along the tunnelinto thefirst cave.... He had
chosen to make sure of thelocker before coming...but that would not take himlong....
There was a rap on the common room door and every Ravenclaw froze. From the
other side, Harry heard the soft, musicalvoice thatissued from the eagle door knocker:
"Where do Vanished objects go?"
"I dunno, do I? Shutit!" snarled an uncouth voice that Harry knew was that of
the Carrow brother , Amycus, "Alecto? Alecto? Are you there? Have you got him?
Open the door!"
The Ravenclaws were whispering amongst themselves, terrified. Then without
warning, there came a series ofloud bangs, as though somebody was firing a guninto the
door.
"ALECTO! Ifhe comes, and we haven't got Potter --d'you want to go the same
way as the Malfoys? ANSWER ME!" Amycus bellowed, shaking the door for allhe
was worth, but stillit did not open. The Ravenclaws were all backing away, and some of
themostfrightened began scampering back up the stair case to their beds. Then, just as
Harry was wondering whether he ought not to blast open the door and Stun Amycus
before the Death Eater could do anything else, a second, mostfamiliar voice rang out
beyond the door.
"May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow?"
"Trying--to get-- through this damned-- door!" shouted Amycus. "Go and get
Flitwick! Get himto open it, now!"
"Butisn'tyour sister in there" asked Professor McGonagall. "Didn't Professor

Flitwick let her in earlier this evening, at your urgent request? Perhaps she could open
the door for you? Then you needn't wake up halfthe castle."
"She ain't answering, you old besom! You open it! Garn! Do it, now!"
"Certainly,ifyou wishit," said Professor McGonagall, with awful coldness,
There was a genteel tap of the knocker and themusicalvoice asked again.
"Where do Vanished objects go?"
"Into non being, whichis to say, everything," replied Professor McGonagall.
"Nicely phrased," replied the eagle door knocker, and the door swung open.
Thefew Ravenclaws who had remained behind sprinted for the stairs as Amycus
burst over the threshold, brandishinghis wand. Hunched like his sister, he had a pallid,
doughyface and tiny eyes, whichfell at once on Alecto, sprawled motionless on thefloor.
He let out a yelloffury and fear.
"What've they done, thelittle whelps?" he screamed. "I'll Cruciate thelot of 'em
tillthey tellme who did it---and what's the Dark Lord going to say?"he shrieked,
standing over his sister and smackinghimself on theforehead withhisfist, "We haven't
got him, and they've gone and killed her!"
"She's only Stunned," said Professor McGonagallimpatiently, who had stooped
down to examine Alecto. "She'llbe perfectly allright."
"No she bludgering wellwon't!" bellowed Amycus. "Not after the Dark Lord
gets hold ofher! She's gone and sentfor him, I feltme Mark burn, and he thinks we've
got Potter!"
"'Got Potter'?" said Professor McGonagallsharply, "What do you mean, 'got
Potter'?"
"He told us Potter might try and getinside Ravenclaw Tower, and to send for him
ifwe caughthim!"
"Why would Harry Potter try to getinside Ravenclaw Tower! Potter belongsin
myHouse!"
Beneath the disbelief and anger, Harry heard a little strain of pride inher voice
and affectionfor Minerva McGonagallgushed up inside him.
"We was told hemight comeinhere!" said Carrow. "I dunno why, do I?"
Professor McGonagallstood up and her beady eyes swept the room. Twice they
passed right over the place where Harry and Luna stood.
"We can pushit off on the kids," said Amycus, his piglike face suddenly crafty.
"Yeah, that's what we'll do. We'll say Alecto was ambushed by the kids, them kids up
there" -- he looked up at the starry ceiling toward the dormitories -- " and we'llsay they
forced her to pres her Mark, and that's whyhe got afalse alarm.... He can punish them.

Couple of kids more or less, what's the difference?"
"Only the difference between truth and lied, courage and cowardice," said
Professor McGonagall, who had turned pale, "a difference, in short, which you and your
sister seemunable to appreciate. Butletmemake one thingvery clear. You are not
going to pass offy9our manyineptitudes on the students of Hogwarts. I shallnot permit
it."
"Excuseme?"
Amycus moved forward untilhe was offensively close to Professor McGonagall,
hisface withininches ofhers. She refused to back away, butlooked down at himas ifhe
were something disgusting she had found stuck to thelavatory seat.
"It's not a case of what you'll permit, Minerva McGonagall. Your time's over. It's
us what's in charge here now, and you'llback me up or you'll pay the price."
And he spatinher face.
Harry pulled the Cloak offhimself, raised his wand, and said, "You shouldn't
have done that."
As Amycus spun around, Harry shouted, "Crucio!"
The Death Eater was lifted offhisfeet. He writhed through the airlike a
drowningman, thrashing and howlinginpain, and then, with a crunch and a shattering of
glass, he smashed into thefront of a bookcase and crumpled, insensible, to thefloor.
"I see what Bellatrixmeant," said Harry, the blood thundering throughhis brain, "you
need to reallymean it."
"Potter!" whispered Professor McGonagall, clutchingher heart. "Potter--- you're
here! What---? How---?" She struggled to pullherself together. "Potter, that was
foolish!"
"He spat at you," said Harry.
"Potter, I --- that was very --- gallant of you --- but don't you realize --?"
"Yeah, I do," Harry assured her. Somehow her panic steadied him. "Professor
McGonagall, Voldemort's on the way."
"Oh, are we allowed to say the name now?" asked Luna with an air ofinterest,
pulling offthe Invisibility Cloak. The appearance of a second outlaw seemed to
overwhelm Professor McGonagall, who staggered backward and fellinto a nearby chair,
clutching at the neck of her old tartan dressinggown.
"I don't think itmakes any difference what we callhim," Harry told Luna. "He
already knows where I am."
In a distant part of Harry's brain, that part connected to the angry, burning scar, he
could see Voldemort sailingfast over the dark lake in the ghostlygreen boat.... He had

nearly reached theisland where the stone basin stood....
"Youmustflee," whispered Professor McGonagall, "Now Potter, as quickly as
you can!"
"I can't," said Harry, "There's something I need to do. Professor, so you know
where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?"
"The d-diadem of Ravenclaw? Of course not --- hasn'tit been lostfor
centuries?" She sat up a little straighter "Potter, it was madness, utter madness, for you
to enter this castle---"
"I had to," said Harry. "Professor, there's somethinghidden here that I'm
supposed to find, and it could be the diadem--- if I could just speak to Professor
Flitwick-
--"
There was a sound ofmovement, of clinkingglass. Amycus was coming round.
Before Harry or Luna could act, Professor McGonagallrose to her feet, pointed her
wand
at the groggy Death Eater, and said, "Imperio."
Amycus gotup, walked over to his sister, picked up her wand, then shuffled
obediently to Professor McGonagall and handed it over along withhis own. Thenhelay
down on thefloor beside Alecto. Professor McGonagallwaved her wand again, and a
length of shimmering silver rope appeared out of thin air and snaked around the Carrows,
binding themtightly together.
"Potter," said Professor McGonagall, turning to face him again with superb
indifference to the Carrows' predicament. "if He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named does
indeed
know that you are here---"
As she said it, a wrath that was like physical pain blazed through Harry, setting
his scar on fire, and for a second helooked down upon a basin whose potion had turned
clear, and saw that no goldenlocket lay safe beneath the surface---.
"Potter, are you allright." said a voice, and Harry came back. He was clutching
Luna's shoulder to steady himself.
"Time's running out, Voldemort's gettingnearer, Professor, I'm acting on
Dumbledore's orders, I mustfind what he wanted me to find! But we've got to get the
students out while I'm searching the castle--- It's me Voldemort wants, but he won't care
about killing afew more or less, not now---" not now he knows I'm attacking
Horcruxes,
Harryfinished the sentence inhishead.

"You're acting on Dumbledore's orders?" she repeated with a look of dawning
wonder. Then she drew herselfup to her fullest height.
"We shallsecure the school against He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named whileyou
search for this --- this object."
"Is that possible?"
"I think so," said Professor McGonagalldryly, "we teachers are rather good at
magic, you know. I am sure we willbe able to hold him offfor a whileif we allput our
best efforts into it. Of course, somethingwillhave to be done about Professor Snape---"
"Letme ---"
"---and if Hogwarts is about to enter a state of siege, with the Dark Lord at the
gates, it would indeed be advisable to take as manyinnocent people out of the way as
possible. With the Floo Network under observation, and Apparitionimpossible within
the grounds---"
"There's a way," said Harry quickly, and he explained about the passageway
leadinginto the Hog's Head.
"Potter, we're talking about hundreds of students---"
"I know, Professor, butif Voldemort and the Death Eaters are concentrating on
the school boundaries they won't be interested in anyone who's Disapparating out of
Hog's Head."
"There's somethingin that," she agreed. She pointed her wand at the Carrows,
and a silver netfellupon their bound bodies, tied itself around them, and hoisted them
into the air, where they dangled beneath the blue-and-gold ceilinglike two large, ugly sea
creatures. "Come. We must alert the other Heads of House. You'd better put that
Cloak
back on."
She marched toward the door, and as she did so she raised her wand. From the tip
burst three silver cats with spectaclemarkings around their eyes. the Patronuses ran
sleekly ahead, fillingthe spiral staircase with silverylight, as Professor McGonagall,
Harry, and Luna hurried back down.
Along the corridors they raced, and one by one the Patronuses left them. Professor
McGonagall's tartan dressinggown rustled over thefloor, and Harry and Luna jogged
behind her under the Cloak.
Theyhad descended two morefloors when another set of quiet joined theirs.
Harry, whose scar was still prickling, heard themfirst. He feltin the pouch around his
neck for the Marauder's Map, but before he could take it our, McGonagalltoo seemed to
become aware of their company. She halted, raised her wand ready to duel, and said,

"Who's there?"
"Itis I," said a low voice.
From behind a suit of armor stepped Severus Snape.
Hatred boiled up in Harry at the sight ofhim. He had forgotten the details of
Snape's appearance in themagnitude of his crimes, forgotten how his greasy black hair
hungin curtains around his thinface, how his black eyes had a dead, cold look. He was
not wearingnightclothes, but was dressed inhis usual black cloak, and he too was
holdinghis wand ready for a fight.
"Where are the Carrows?"he asked quietly.
"Wherever you told themto be, I expect, Severus," said Professor McGonagall.
Snape stepped nearer, and his eyes flitted over Professor McGonagallinto the air
around her, as ifhe knew that Harry was there. Harry held his wand up too, ready to
attack.
"I was under theimpression," said Snape, "That Alecto had apprehended an
intruder."
"Really?" said Professor McGonagall. "And what gave you thatimpression?"
Snape mad a slightflexingmovement of hisleft arm, where the Dark Mark was
branded into his skin.
"Oh, but naturally," said Professor McGonagall. "You Death Eaters have your
own privatemeans of communication, I forgot."
Snape pretended not to have heard her. His eyes were stillprobing the air all
abouther, and he was movinggraduallycloser, with an air ofhardlynoticing what he
was doing.
"I did not know thatitwas your night to patrol the corridors Minerva."
"You have some objection?"
"I wonder what could have broughtyou out of our bed at this late hour?"
"I thought I heard a disturbance," said Professor McGonagall.
"Really? But allseems calm."
Snape looked into her eyes.
"Have you seen Harry Potter, Minerva? Becauseifyou have. I mustinsist---"
Professor McGonagallmoved faster than Harry could have believed. Her wand
slashed through the air and for a split second Harry thought that Snape must crumple,
unconscious, but the swiftness ofhis Shield Charmwas such that McGonagallwas
thrown off balance. =She brandished her wand at a touch on the wall and itflew out of
its bracket. Harry, about to curse Snape, was forced to pullLuna out of the way of the
descendingflames, which became a ring offire thatfilled the corridor and flewlike a

lasso at Snape---
Thenit was no longer fire, but a great black serpent that McGonagall blasted to
smoke, which re-formed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing
daggers. Snape avoided them only by forcing the suit of armor infront ofhim, and with
echoing clangs the daggers sank, one after another, into its breast---
"Minerva!" said a squeaky voice, and looking behind him, stillshielding Luna
fromflying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprintingup the corridor
toward themin their nightclothes, with the enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at
the rear.
"No!" squealed Flitwick, raisinghis wand. "You'll do no more murder at
Hogwarts!"
Flitwick's spellhit the suit of armor behind which Snape had taken shelter. With
a clatter it came to life. Snape struggled free of the crushing arms and sentitflying back
toward his attackers. Harry and Luna had to dive sideways to avoid it as it smashed into
the walland shattered. When Harrylooked up again, Snape was infullflight,
McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout allthundering after him. He hurtled through a
classroom door and, moments later, he heard McGonagall cry, "Coward! COWARD!"
"What's happened, what's happened?" asked Luna.
Harry dragged her to her feet and they raced along the corridor, trailing the
Invisibility Cloak behind them, into the deserted classroom where Professors
McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout were standing at a smashed window.
"He jumped," said Professor McGonagall as Harry and Luna raninto the room.
"Youmean he's dead?" Harry sprinted to the window, ignoring Flitwick's and
Sprout's yells of shock at his sudden appearance.
"No, he's not dead," said McGonagallbitterly. "Unlike Dumbledore, he was still
carrying a wand... and he seems to have learned a few tricks fromhis master."
With a tingle of horror, Harry saw in the distance a huge, bat like shape flying
through the darkness toward the perimeter wall.
There were heavyfootfalls behind them, and a great deal of puffing. Slughorn
had just caughtup.
"Harry!"he panted, massaginghisimmense chest beneathhis emerald-green silk
pajamas. "My dear boy... what a surprise...Minerva, do please
explain...Severus...what...?"
"Our headmaster is taking a short break," said Professor McGonagall, pointing at
the Snape-shaped holein the window.
"Professor!" Harry shouted his hand on hisforehead, He could see the Inferi-

filled lake sliding beneath him, and hefelt a ghostlygreen boat bump into the
underground shore, and Voldemortlept fromit withmurder inhis heart---
"Professor, we've got to barricade the school, he's coming now!"
"Very well. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is coming," she told the other teachers.
Sprout and Flitwick gasped. Slughorn let out a low groan. "Potter has work to do in the
castle on Dumbledore's orders. We need to putin place every protection of which we
are
capable while Potter does what he needs to do."
"You realize , of course, that nothing we do willbe able to keep out You-Know-
Who indefinitely?" squeaked Flitwick.
"But we can hold himup." said Professor Sprout.
"Thank you, Pomona," said Professor McGonagall, and between the two witches
there passed a look of grimunderstanding. I suggest we establish basic protection
around the place, then gather our students and meetin the Great Hall. Most must be
evacuated, thoughif any of those who are over age wish to stay and fight, I think they
ought to be given the chance."
"Agreed," said Professor Sprout, alreadyhurrying toward the door. "I shallmeet
youin the Great Hallin twenty minutes withmy House."
And as she jogged out of sight, they could hear her muttering, "Tentacula, Devil's
Snare. And Snargaluff pods...yes, I'd like to see the Death Eaters fighting those."
I can act fromhere," said Flitwick, and althoughhe could barely see out ofit, he
pointed his wand through the smashed window and started mutteringincantations of great
complexity. Harryheard a weird rushingnoise, as though Flitwick had unleashed the
power of the wind into the grounds.
"Professor," Harry said, approaching the little Charms master. "Professor, I'm
sorry to interrupt, but thisis important. Have yougot anyidea where the diademof
Ravenclaw is?"
"---Protego Horribillis---the diadem ofRavenclaw?" squeaked Flitwick. "Alittle
extra wisdomnever goes amiss, Potter, but I hardly think itwould bemuch usein this
situation!"
"I onlymeant --- do you know where itis? Have you ever seen it?"
"Seen it" Nobody has seen itinlivingmemory! Long since lost, boy."
Harry felt a mixture of desperate disappointment and panic. What, then, was the
Horcrux?
"We shallmeet you and your Ravenclaws in the Great Hall, Filius!" said
Professor McGonagall, beckoning to Harry and Luna to follow her.

Theyhad just reached the door when Slughorn rumbled into speech.
"My word,"he puffed, pale and sweaty, his walrus mustache aquiver. "What a
to-do! I'mnot at allsure whether thisis wise, Minerva. He is bound to find a wayin,
you know, and anyone who has tried to delay himwillbein themost grievous peril---"
"I shall expect you and the Slytherins inthe Great Hallin twentyminutes also."
said Professor McGonagall. "Ifyou wish to leave withyour students, we shallnot stop
you. Butif any of you attempt to sabotage our resistance or take up arms againstus
withinthis castle, then, Horace, we duelto kill."
"Minerva!"he said, aghast.
"The timehas comefor Slytherin House to decide upon its loyalties,"interrupted
Professor McGonagall. "Go and wake your students, Horace."
Harry did not stay to watch Slughorn splutter. He and Luna stayed after Professor
McGonagall, who had taken up a positionin themiddle of the corridor and raised her
wand.
"Piertotum---oh, for heaven's sake, Filch, not now---"
The aged caretaker had just come hobblinginto view, shouting"Students out of
bed! Students in the corridors!"
"They're supposed to be you blitheringidiot!" shouted McGonagall. "Now go
and do something constructive! Find Peeves!"
'P-Peeves?" stammered Filch as thoughhe had never heard the name before.
"Yes, Peeves, you fool, Peeves! Haven't you been complaining about himfor a
quarter of a century? Go and fetch him, at once.
Filch evidently thought Professor McGonagallhad taken leave ofher senses, but
hobbled away, hunch-shouldered, mutteringunder his breath.
"And now---Piertotum Locomator!" cried Professor McGonagall. And all along
the corridor the statues and suits of armor jumped down from their plinths, and from the
echoing crashes from thefloors above and below, Harry knew that theirfellows
throughout the castlehad done the same.
"Hogwarts is threatened!" shouted Professor McGonagall. "Man the boundaries,
protect us, do your duty to our school!"
Clattering and yelling, the horde ofmoving statues stampeded past Harry, some of
themsmaller, others larger thanlife. There were animals too, and the clanking suits of
armor brandished swords and spiked balls on chains.
"Now, Potter," said McGonagall., "you and Miss Lovegood had better return to
your friends and bring them to the Great Hall --- I shallrouse the other Gryffindors."
They parted at the top of the next staircase, Harry and Luna turning back toward

the concealed entrance to the Room of Requirement. As they ran, theymet crowds of
students, most wearing traveling cloaks over their pajamas, being shepherded down to the
Great Hall by teachers and prefects.
"That was Potter!"
"Harry Potter!"
"It was him, I swear, I just saw him!"
"But Harry did notlook back, and atlast they reached the entrance to the Roomof
Requirement, Harryleaned against the enchanted wall, which opened to admit them, and
he and Luna sped back down the steep staircase.
"Wh--?"
As the room cameinto view, Harry slipped down a few stairs in shock. It was
packed, far more crowded than when hehad last been in there. Kingsley and Lupin were
lookingup at him, as were Oliver Wood, Katie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia
Spinnet, Bill and Fleur, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.
"Harry, what's happening?" said Lupin, meetinghimat thefoot of the stairs.
"Voldemort's on his way, they're barricadinghe school---Snape's runfor it---What
are you doinghere? How did you know?
"We sentmessages to the rest of Dumbledore's Army," Fred explained. "You
couldn't expect everyone to miss thefun, Harry, and the D.A. let the Order of the Phoenix
know, and it all kind of snowballed."
"Whatfirst, Harry?" called George. "What's going on?"
"They're evacuating the younger kids and everyone's meetingin the Great Hallto
get organized," Harry said. "We're fighting."
There was a great roar and a surge toward the stairs, he was pressed back against
he wall as they ran past hi, themingled members of the Order of the Phoenix,
Dumbledore's Army, and Harry's old Quidditch team, allwith their wands drawn,
headingup into themain castle.
"Come on, Luna," Dean called as he passed, holding out hisfree hand, she took it
and followed him back up the stairs.
The crowd was thinning. Only a little knot of people remained below in the
Room of Requirement, and Harry joine3d them. Mrs. Weasley was struggling with
Ginny. Around them stood Lupin, Fred, George, Billand Fleur.
"You're underage!" Mrs. Weasley shouted at her daughter as Harry approached
"I won't permitit! The boys, yes, but you, you've got to go home!"
"I won't!"
"Ginny's hair flew as she pulled her arm out of her mother's grip.

"I'min Dumbledore's Army---"
"A teenagers' gang!"
"A teenagers' gang that's about to take himon, which no one else has dared to
do!" said Fred.
"She's sixteen!" shouted Mrs. Weasley. "She's not old enough! What you two
were thinking bringingher withyou---"
Fred and Georgelooked slightly ashamed of themselves.
Mom's right, Ginny," said Billgently. "You can't do this. Everyone underage
willhave to leave, it's only right."
"I can't go home!" Ginny shouted, angry tears sparklinginher eyes. "my whole
family's here, I can't stand waiting there alone and not knowing and --"
Her eyes met Harry's for thefirst time. Shelooked at him beseechingly, but he
shook his head and she turned away bitterly.
"Fine," she said, staring at the entrance to the tunnel back to the Hog's Head. "I'll
say good-by now, then, and---"
There was a scuffling and a great thump. Someone else had clambered out of the
tunnel, overbalanced slightly, and fallen. He pulled himselfup no the nearest chair,
looked around throughlopsided horn-rimmed glasses, and said, "AmI too late? Has it
started. I only justfound out, so I --- I ---"
Percy spluttered into silence. Evidentlyhe had not expected to runinto most of
hisfamily. There was a longmoment of astonishment, broken by Fleur turning to Lupin
and saying, in a wildly transparent attempt to break the tension. "So--- 'ow eezleetle
Teddy?"
Lupin blinked at her, startled. The silence between the Weasleys seemed to be
solidifying, likeice.
"I --- oh yes--- he's fine!"Lupin said loudly. "yes, Tonks is withhim--- at her
mother's ---"
Percy and the other Weasleys were stillstaring at one another, frozen.
"Here, I've got a picture?" Lupin shouted, pulling a photograph frominside his
jacket and showingit to Fleur and Harry, who saw a tiny baby with a tuft of bright
turquoise hair, wavingfatfists at the camera.
"I was a fool!" Percy roared, so loudly that Lupinnearly dropped his photograph.
"I was an idiot, I was a pompous prat, I was a ­ a --"
"Ministry-loving, family-disowning, power-hungrymoron," said Fred.
Percy swallowed.
"Yes, I was!"

"Well, you can't say fairer than that," said Fred, holdinghishand out to Percy.
Mrs. Weasley burstinto tears,. She ran forward, pushed Fred aside, and pulled
Percy into a stranglinghug, whilehe patted her on the back, his eyes on his father.
"I'm sorry, Dad," Percy said.
Mr. Weasley blinked rather rapidly, thenhe too hurried to hughis son.
"Whatmade you see sense, Perce?"inquired George.
"It's been coming onfor a while," said Percy, moppinghis eyes under his glasses
with a corner of his traveling cloak. "ButI had to find a way out and it's not so easy at
the Ministry, they'reimprisoning traitors allthe time. I managed to make contact with
Aberforth and he tipped me off tenminutes ago that Hogwarts was going to make a fight
ofit, so here I am."
"Well, we do look to our prefects to take a lead at times such as these," said
Georgein a good imitation of Percy's most pompous manner. "Now let's get upstairs and
fight, or allthe good Death Eaters'll be taken."
"So, you're my sister in-law now?" Said Percy, shakinghands with Fleur as they
hurried off toward the staircase with Bill, Fred, and George.
"Ginny!" barked Mrs. Weasley.
Ginnyhad been attempting, under cover of the reconciliations to sneak upstairs
too.
"Molly, how about this," said Lupin. "Why doesn't Ginny stay here , then atleast
she'llbe on the scene and know what's going on, but she won't be in themiddle ofthe
fighting?"
"I---"
"That's a good idea," said Mr. Weasleyfirmly," Ginny, you stay in this room,
youhear me?"
Ginny did not seem to like theidea much, butunder her father's unusually stern
gaze, she nodded. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupinheaded off to the stairs as well.
"Where's Ron?" asked Harry, "Where's Hermione?"
"Theymust have gone up the Great Hallalready," Mr. Weasley called over his
shoulder.
" I didn't see them pass me," said Harry.
"They said something about a bathroom," said Ginny, "notlong after youleft."
"A bathroom?"
Harry strode across the room to an open door leading off the Room of
Requirement and checked the bathroom beyond. It was empty.
"You're sure they said bath---?"

But then his scar seared and the Room of Req1uirementvanished. He was
looking through the high wrought-iron gates with winged boats on pillars at either side,
looking through the dark grounds toward the castle, which was ablaze withlights. Nagini
lay draped over his shoulders. He was possessed of that cold, cruel sense of purpose
that
preceded murder.


Chapter Thirty-One
The Battle of Hogwarts

The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hallwas dark and scattered with stars, and
below it thefour long House tables werelined with disheveled students, somein
traveling cloaks, others in dressinggowns. Here and there shone the pearly white figures
of the schoolghosts. Every eye, living and dead was fixed upon Professor McGonagall,
who was speakingfromthe raised platform at the top of the Hall. Behind her stood the
remaining teaches, including the palomino centaur, Firenze, and themembers of the
Order of the Phoenix who had arrived to fight.

"...evacuation willbe overseen by Mr. Filch and Madame Pomfrey. Prefects,
when I give the word, you willorganize your House and take your charges in orderly
fashion to the evacuation point.

Many of the students looked petrified. However, as Harry skirted the walls,
scanning the Gryffindor tablefor Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at the
Hufflepufftable and shouted;"And what ifwe want to stay and fight?"

There was a smattering of applause.


"Ifyou are of age, youmay stay." said Professor McGonagall.

"What about our things?" called a girl at the Ravenclaw table. "Our trunks, our
owls?"

"We have no time to collect possessions." said Professor McGonagall. "The

important thingis to get you out of here safely."

"Where's Professor Snape?" shouted a girlfrom the Slytherin table.

"He has, to use the common phrase, done a bunk." replied Professor McGonagall
and a great cheer erupted from the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws.

Harry moved up the Hall alongside the Gryffindor table, stilllookingfor Ron and
Hermione. As he passed, faces turned inhis direction, and a great deal of whispering
broke outinhis wake.

"We have already placed protection around the castle," Professor McGonagall
was saying,"butitis unlikely to hold for verylongunless we reinforce it. I must ask you,
therefore, to move quickly and calmly, and do as your prefects -"

But her finalwords were drowned as a different voice echoed throughout the Hall.
It was high, cold, and clear. There was no tellingfromwhere it came. It seemed to issue
fromthe walls themselves. Like themonster ithad once commanded, itmighthavelain
dormant there for centuries.

"I know that you are preparing to fight." There were screams amongst the
students, some of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the source of
the sound. "Your efforts are futile. You cannotfightme. I do not want to killyou. I
have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spillmagical blood."

There was silence in the Hallnow, the kind of silence that presses against the
eardrums, that seems too huge to be contained by walls.

"Giveme Harry Potter," said Voldemort's voice, "and they shallnot be harmed.
Giveme Harry Potter and I shallleave the schooluntouched. Giveme Harry Potter and
you willbe rewarded.

"You have untilmidnight."

The silence swallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eyein the place
seemed to havefound Harry, to hold himforever in the glare of thousands ofinvisible

beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and he recognized Pansy Parkinson as
she raised a shaking arm and screamed, "Buthe's there! Potter's there. Someone grab
him!"


Before Harry could speak, there was a massivemovement. The Gryffindors in
front ofhimhad risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the
Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of themwith their
backs to Harry, allof themlooking toward Pansyinstead, and Harry, awestruck and
overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from
under sleeves.

"Thank you, Miss Parkinson." said Professor McGonagallin a clipped voice.
"You willleave the Hallfirst with Mr. Filch. If the rest of your House could follow."

Harry heard the grinding of the benches and then the sound of the Slytherins
trooping out on the other side of the Hall.

"Ravenclaws, follow on!" cried Professor McGonagall.

Slowly thefour tables emptied. The Slytherin table was completely deserted, but
a number of older Ravenclaws remained seated while theirfellows filed out; evenmore
Hufflepuffs stayed behind, and half of Gryffindor remained in their seats, necessitating
Professor McGonagall's descentfrom the teachers' platformto chivvy the underage on
their way.

"Absolutelynot, Creevey, go! And you, Peakes!"

Harry hurried over to the Weasleys, allsitting together at the Gryffindor table.

"Where are Ron and Hermione?"

"Haven't you found -?" began Mr. Weasley, looking worried.

But he broke off as Kingsley had stepped forward on the raised platformto
address those who had remained behind.

"We've onlygothalf an half an hour untilmidnight, so we need to act fast. A
battle plan has been agreed between the teachers of Hogwarts and the Order of the
Phoenix. Professors Flitwick, Sprout and McGonagall are going to take groups of
fighters up to the three highest towers - Ravenclaw, Astronomy, and Gryffindor - where
they'llhave good overview, excellent positions fromwhich to work spells. Meanwhile
Remus" - he indicated Lupin - "Arthur" - he pointed toward Mr. Weasley, sittingat the
Gryffindor table - "and I willtake groups into the grounds. We'llneed somebody to
organize defense of the entrances or the passageways into the school -"

"Sounds like a job for us." called Fred, indicatinghimself and George, and
Kingsleynodded his approval.

"Allright, leaders up here and we'll divide up the troops!"


"Potter," said Professor McGonagall, hurryingup to him, as students flooded the
platform, jostlingfor position, receivinginstructions, "Aren't you supposed to be looking
for something?"

"What? Oh," said Harry, "oh yeah!"

He had almostforgotten about the Horcrux, almostforgotten that the battle was
beingfought so that he could search for it: Theinexplicable absence of Ron and
Hermione had momentarily driven every other thoughtfromhismind.

"Then go, Potter, go!"

"Right - yeah -"

He sensed eyes followinghim as he ran out of the Great Hall again, into the
entrance hallstillcrowded with evacuating students. He allowed himself to be swept up
themarble staircase with them, but at the top he hurried off along a deserted corridor.
Fear and panic were cloudinghis thought processes. He tried to calmhimself, to
concentrate on finding the Horcrux, but his thoughts buzzed as frantically and fruitlessly
as wasps trapped beneath a glass. Without Ron and Hermione to help himhe could not

seem to marshalhis ideas. He slowed down, coming to a halthalfway along a passage,
where he sat down on the plinth of a departed statue and pulled the Marauder's Map out
of the pouch around his neck. He could not see Ron's of Hermione's names anywhere on
it, though the density of the crowd of dots now makingits way to the Room of
Requirementmight, he thought, be concealing them. He put themap away, pressed his
hands over his face, and closed his eyes, trying to concentrate.

Voldemort thought I'd go to Ravenclaw Tower.

There it was, a solid fact, the place to start. Voldemort had stationed Alecto
Carrow in the Ravenclaw common room, and there could be only one explanation;
Voldemortfeared that Harry already knew his Horcrux was connected to that House.

But the only object anyone seemed to associate with Ravenclaw was thelost
diadem... and how could the Horcrux be the diadem? How was it possible that
Voldemort, the Slytherin, had found the diadem thathad eluded generations of
Ravenclaws? Who could have told himwhere to look, whennobody had seen the
diadem
inlivingmemory?

In livingmemory...

Beneath hisfingers, Harry's eyes flew open again. He leapt up from the plinth
and tore back the way he had come, now in pursuit of his onelast hope. The sound of
hundreds of peoplemarching toward the Room of Requirement grew louder and louder
as he returned to themarble stairs. Prefects were shoutinginstructions, trying to keep
track of the students in their ownhouses, there was much pushing and shouting; Harry
saw Zacharias Smith bowling over firstyears to get to thefront of the queue, here and
there younger students were in tears, while older ones called desperatelyfor friends or
siblings.

Harry caught sight of a pearly whitefigure drifting across the entrance hall below
and yelled as loudly as he could over the clamor.

"Nick! NICK! I need to talk to you!"

Heforced his way back through the tide of students, finally reaching the bottom
of the stairs, where Nearly Headless Nick, ghost of Gryffindor Tower, stood waitingfor
him.

"Harry! My dear boy!"

Nick made to grasp Harry's hands with both of his own; Harry felt as though they
had been thrustinto icy water.

"Nick, you've got to help me. Who's the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?"

Nearly Headless Nick looked surprised and a little offended.

"The Gray Lady, of course; butifitis ghostly services you require -?"

"It's got to be her - d'you know where sheis?"

"Let's see..."

Nick's head wobbled a little on his ruffas he turned hither and thither, peering
over the heads of the swarming students.

"That's her over there, Harry, the youngwoman with thelonghair."

Harry looked in the direction of Nick's transparent, pointingfinger and saw a tall
ghost who caught sight of Harrylookingat her, raised her eyebrows, and drifted away
through a solid wall.

Harry ran after her. Once through the door of the corridor into which she had
disappeared, he saw her at the very end of the passage, stillgliding smoothly awayfrom
him.

"hey - wait - come back!"

She consented to pause, floating afew inches from the ground. Harry supposed
that she was beautiful, withher waist-lengthhair and floor-length cloak, but she also

looked haughty and proud. Close in, he recognized her as a ghost he had passed several
times in the corridor, but to whomhe had never spoken.

"You're the Gray Lady?"

She nodded but did not speak.

"The ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?"

"Thatis correct."

Her tone was not encouraging.

"Please, I need some help. I need to know anythingyou can tellme about thelost
diadem."

A cold smile curved her lips.

"I am afraid," she said, turning to leave, "that I cannot help you."

"WAIT!"

He had notmeant to shout, but anger and panic were threatening to overwhelm
him. He glanced at his watch as she hovered infront of him. It was a quarter to midnight.

"Thisis urgent."he said fiercely. "If that diadem's at Hogwarts, I've got to findit,
fast."

"You are hardly thefirst student to covet the diadem." she said disdainfully.
"Generations of students have badgered me -"

"Thisisn't about trying to get better marks!" Harry shouted at her, "It's about
Voldemort - defeating Voldemort - or aren't youinterested in that?"

She could not blush, but her transparent cheeks becamemore opaque, and her
voice was heated as she replied, "Of course I - how dare you suggest -?"

"Well, help me then!"

Her composure was slipping.

"It - itisnot a question of -" she stammered. Mymother's diadem -"

"Your mother's?"

She looked angry withherself.

"When I lived," she said stiffly,"I was Helena Ravenclaw."

"You're her daughter? But then, youmust know what happed to it."


"While the diadem bestows wisdom," she said with an obvious effort to pull
herself together, "I doubt thatit would greatlyincrease you chances of defeating the
wizard who callshimselfLord -"

Haven't I told you, I'mnotinterested inwearingit!" Harry said fiercely. "There's
no time to explain - butifyou care about Hogwarts, ifyou want to see Voldemort
finished, you've got to tellme anythingyou know about the diadem!"

She remained quite still, floatinginmidair, staring down at him, and a sense of
hopelessness engulfed Harry. Of course, if she had known anything, she would have told
Flitwick of Dumbledore, who had surely asked her the same question. He had shaken his
head and made to turn away when she spoke in a low voice.

"I stole the diademfrommymother."

"You - you did what?"

"I stole the diadem." repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a whisper. "I sought to make
myself cleverer, more important than my mother. I ran away withit."

He did not know how he had managed to gainher confidence and did not ask, he
simplylistened, hard, as she went on.

"Mymother, they say, never admitted that the diadem was gone, but pretended
that she had it still. She concealed her loss, my dreadful betrayal, evenfromthe other
founders of Hogwarts.

"Then mymother fellill - fatallyill. In spite ofmy perfidy, she was desperate to
see me onemore time. She sent a man who had longloved me, though I spurned his
advances, to find me. She knew that he would not rest untilhe had done so."

Harry waited. She drew a deep breath and threw back her head.

"He tracked me to theforest where I was hiding. When I refused to return with
him, he became violent. The baron was always a hot-tempered man. Furious at my
refusal, jealous ofmyfreedom, he stabbed me."

"The Baron? You mean -?"


"he Bloody Baron, yes," said the Gray Lady, and shelifted aside the cloak she
wore to reveal a single dark wound inher white chest. Whenhe saw what he had done,
he was overcome with remorse. He took the weapon that had claimed mylife, and used
itto killhimself. Allthese centuries later, he wears his chains as an act of penitence ... as
he should." she added bitterly.

"And - and the diadem?"

"It remained where I had hidden itwhen I heard the Baron blundering through the
forest toward me. Concealed inside a hollow tree."

"A hollow tree?" repeated Harry. "What tree? Where was this?"

"A forestin Albania. A lonely place I thought was far beyond mymother's
reach."

"Albania," repeated Harry. Sense was emergingmiraculouslyfrom confusion,
and now he understood why she was tellinghimwhat she had denied Dumbledore and
Flitwick. "You've already told someone this story, haven't you? Another student?"

She closed her eyes and nodded.

"I had... no idea... He was flattering. He seemed to... understand... to
sympathize..."

Yes, Harry thought. TomRiddle would certainlyhave understood Helena
Ravenclaw's desire to possess fabulous objects to which she had little right.

"Well, you weren't thefirst person Riddle wormed things out of." Harrymuttered.
"He could be charming when he wanted..."

So, Voldemorthad managed to wheedle thelocation of thelost diadem out of the
Gray Lady. He had traveled to thatfar-flungforest and retrieved the diademfromits
hiding place, perhaps as soon as heleft Hogwarts, before he even started work at Borgin
and Burkes.

And wouldn't those secluded Albanian woods have seemed an excellent refuge
when, so muchlater, Voldemort and needed a place to lielow, undisturbed, for ten long
years?

But the diadem, once it became his precious Horcrux, had not beenleftin that
lowly tree. . . . No, the diademhad been returned secretly to its true home, and
Voldemort
musthave putit there ­
"--the nighthe asked for a job!" said Harry, finishinghis thought.
"I beg your pardon?"
"He hid the diademin the castle, the nighthe asked Dumbledore to let him
teach!" said Harry. Sayingit outloud enabled himto make sense ofit all."Hemust've
hidden the diadem on his way up to, or down from, Dumbledore's office! Butitwas well
worth trying to get the job ­ then hemight've got the chance to nick Gryffindor's sword
as well­ thank you, thanks!"
Harry lefther floating there, lookingutterly bewildered. As he rounded the corner

back into the entrance hall, he checked his watch. It was fiveminutes untilmidnight, and
thoughhenow knew what the last Horcrux was, he was no closer to discovering where it
was. . .
Generations of students had failed to find the diadem; that suggested thatitwas
notin Ravenclaw Tower ­ butifnot there, where? What hiding place had Tom Riddle
discovered inside Hogwarts Castle, that he believed would remain secret forever?
Lost in desperate speculation, Harry turned a corner, but he had taken only afew
steps down the new corridor when the window to hisleft broke open with a deafening,
shattering crash. As heleapt aside, a gigantic body flewin through the window and hit
the opposite wall.
Somethinglarge and furry detached itself, whimpering, fromthe new arrival and flung
itself at Harry.
"Hagrid!" Harry bellowed, fighting off Fang the boarhound's attentions as the
enormous bearded figure clambered to hisfeet "What the --?"
"Harry, yer here! Yer here!"
Hagrid stooped down, bestowed upon Harry a cursory and rib-crackinghug, then
ran back to the shattered window.
"Good boy, Grawpy!"he bellowed through the holein the window. "I'llse yer in
a moment, there's a good lad!"
Beyond Hagrid, outin the dark night, Harry saw bursts oflightin the distance and
heard a weird, keening scream. He looked down at his watch:It was midnight. The battle
had begun.
"Blimey, Harry," panted Hagrid, "thisis it, eh? Time ter fight?"
"Hagrid, where have you comefrom?"
"Heard You-Know-Who fromup in our cave," said Hagrid grimly. "Voice carried,
didn'tit? `Yet got tillmidnight ter gimme Potter.' Knew yehmus' be here, knew that
mus' be happenin'. Get down, Fang. So we come ter joinin, me an' Grawpy an' Fang.
Smashed our way through the boundary by theforest, Grawpy was carryin' us, Fang an'
me. Told himter letme down at the castle, so he shoved me through the window, bless
him. Not exactly what I meant, bu' ­ where's Ron an' Hermione?"
"That," said Harry, "is a reallygood question. Come on."
Theyhurried together along the corridor, Fanglolloping beside them. Harry could
hear movement through the corridors allaround: runningfootsteps, shouts; through the
windows, he could seemoreflashes oflightin the dark grounds.
"Where're we goin'?" puffed Hagrid, pounding along at Harry's heels, making
thefloorboards quake.

"I dunno exactly," said Harry, making another random turn, "but Ron and
Hermionemust be around here somewhere. . . ."
Thefirst casualties of the battle were already strewn across the passage ahead:
The two stone gargoyles that usuallyguarded the entrance to the staffroomhad been
smashed apart by a jinx that had sailed through another broken window. Their remains
stirred feebly on thefloor, and as Harry leapt over one of their disembodied heads, it
moaned faintly. "Oh, don'tmind me . . . I'lljust be here and crumble. . . ."
Its uglystoneface made Harry think suddenly of themarble bust of Rowena
Ravenclaw at Xenophilius's house, wearingthatmad headdress ­ and then of the statue
inRavenclaw Tower, with the stone diademupon her white curls. . . .
And as he reached the end of the passage, thememory of a third stone effigy
came back to him:that of an ugly old warlock, onto whose head Harry himselfhad
placed a wig and a battered old hat. The shock shot through Harry with the heat of
firewhisky, and he nearly stumbled.
He knew, at least, where the Horcrux sat waitingfor him. . . .
Tom Riddle, who confided inno one and operated alone, mighthave been
arrogant enough to assume that he, and onlyhe, had penetrated the deepestmysteries of
Hogwarts Castle. Of course, Dumbledore and Flitwick, thosemodel pupils, had never set
footin that particular place, but he, Harry, had strayed off the beaten track inhis time at
school ­ here at least was a secret area he and Voldemort knew, that Dumbledore had
never discovered ­
He was roused by Professor Sprout, who was thundering past followed by Neville
and half a dozen others, all of themwearing earmuffs and carrying what appeared to be
large potted plants.
"Mandrakes!" Neville bellowed at Harry over his shoulder as he ran. "Going to
lob them over the walls ­ they won'tlike this!"
Harry knew now where to go. He sped off, with Hagrid and Fanggalloping
behind him. They passed portrait after portrait, and the painted figures raced alongside
them, wizards and witches in ruffs and breeches, in armor and cloaks, cramming
themselves into each others' canvases, screamingnews from other parts of the castle. As
they reached the end of this corridor, the whole castle shook, and Harry knew, as a
giganticvase blew offits plinth with explosiveforce, thatitwas in the grip of
enchantments more sinister than those of the teachers and the Order.
"It's allrigh', Fang ­ it's allrigh'!"yelled Hagrid, but the great boarhound had
taken flight as slivers of chinaflewlike shrapnelthrough the air, and Hagrid pounded off
after the terrified dog, leaving Harry alone.

Heforged on through the trembling passages, his wand at the ready, and for the
length of one corridor thelittle painted knight, Sir Cadrigan, rushed from paintingto
painting beside him, clanking alonginhis armor, screaming encouragement, hisfatlittle
pony cantering behind him.
"Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels, drive them out, Harry Potter, see
them off!"
Harry hurtled around a corner and found Fred and a smallknot of students,
including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty plinth, whose
statue had concealed a secret passageway. Their wands were drawn and they were
listening at the concealed hole.
"Nice nightfor it!" Fred shouted as the castle quaked again, and Harry sprinted by,
elated and terrified in equalmeasure. Alongyet another corridor he dashed, and then
there were owls everywhere, and Mrs. Norris was hissing and trying to bat themwithher
paws, no doubt to return them to their proper place. . . .
"Potter!"
Aberforth Dumbledore stood blocking the corridor ahead, his wand held ready.
"I've had hundreds of kids thundering throughmy pub, Potter!"
"I know, we're evacuating,"Harry said, "Voldemort's ­"
"­ attacking because they haven't handed you over, yeah," said Aberforth. "I'm
not deaf, the whole of Hogsmeade heard him. And itnever occurred to any of you to
keep
a few Slytherins hostage? There are kids of Death Eaters you've just sent to safety.
Wouldn'tithave been a bit smarter to keep `emhere?"
"It wouldn't stop Voldemort," said Harry, "and your brother would never have
done it."
Aberforth grunted and tore away in the opposite direction.
Your brother would never have done it. . . . Well,it was the truth, Harry thought
as he ran on again:Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long, would never have
held students ransom. . . .
And then he skidded around a final corner and with a yell ofmingled relief and
furyhe saw them:Ron and Hermione; both with their arms full oflarge, curved, dirty
yellow objects, Ron with a broomstick under his arms.
"Where the hell have you been?" Harry shouted.
"Chamber of Secrets," said Ron.
"Chamber ­ what?" said Harry, coming to an unsteady halt before them.
"It was Ron, allRon's idea!" said Hermione breathlessly. "Wasn'tit absolutely

brilliant? There we were, after weleft, and I said to Ron, evenifwefind the other one,
how are we going to get rid ofit? We stillhadn't got rid of the cup! And then he thought
ofit! The basilisk!"
"What the ­ ?"
"Something to get rid of Horcruxes," said Ron simply.
Harry's eyes dropped to the objects clutched in Ron and Hermione's arms:great
curved fangs; torn, he now realized, fromthe skullof a dead basilisk.
"Buthow did you getin there?"he asked, staringfrom thefangs to Ron. "You
need to speak Parseltongue!"
"He did!" whispered Hermione. "Show him, Ron!"
Ronmade a horrible strangled hissingnoise.
"It's what you did to open thelocket," he told Harry apologetically. "I had to have
a few goes to getit right, but,"he shrugged modestly, "we got there in the end."
"He was amazing!" said Hermione. "Amazing!"
"So . . ." Harry was struggling to keep up. "So . . ."
"So we're another Horcrux down," said Ron, and fromunder his jacket he pulled
themangled remains of Hufflepuff's cup. "Hermione stabbed it. Thought she should. She
hasn't had the pleasure yet."
"Genius!"yelled Harry.
"It was nothing," said Ron, thoughhelooked delighted withhimself."So what's
new withyou?"
As he said it, there was an explosionfromoverhead: Allthree of themlooked up
as dustfellfromthe ceiling and they heard a distant scream.
"I know what the diademlooks like, and I know where itis," said Harry, talking
fast. "He hid it exactly where I had my old Potions book, where everyone's been hiding
stufffor centuries. He thoughthe was the only one to find it. Come on."
As the walls trembled again, heled the other two back through the concealed
entrance and down the staircase into the Room of Requirement. It was empty except for
three women:Ginny, Tonks and an elderlywitch wearing a moth-eaten hat, whomHarry
recognized immediately as Neville's grandmother.
"Ah, Potter," she said crisply as if she had been waitingfor him. "You can tellus
what's going on."
"Is everyone okay?" said Ginny and Tonks together.
"'S far as we know," said Harry. "Are there stillpeoplein the passage to the
Hog's Head?"
He knew that the roomwould not be able to transformwhile there were stillusers

insideit.
"I was thelast to come through," said Mrs. Longbottom. "I sealed it, I think it
unwise to leaveit open now Aberforth has lefthis pub. Have you seen mygrandson?"
"He's fighting," said Harry.
"Naturally," said the old lady proudly. "Excuse me, I mustgo and assist him."
With surprising speed she trotted off toward the stone steps.
Harry looked at Tonks.
"I thoughtyou were supposed to be with Teddy at your mother's?"
"I couldn't stand not knowing ­" Tonkslooked anguished. "She'lllook after him
­ have you seen Remus?"
"He was planning to lead a group offighters into the grounds ­"
Without another word, Tonks sped off.
"Ginny," said Harry, "I'm sorry, but we need you to leave too. Justfor a bit. Then
you can come back in."
Ginnylooked simply delighted to leave her sanctuary.
"And then you can come back in!"he shouted after her as she ran up the steps
after Tonks. "You've got to come back in!"
"Hang on a moment!" said Ron sharply."We'veforgotten someone!"
"Who?" asked Hermione.
"The house-elves, they'll all be downin the kitchen, won't they?"
"Youmean we ought to get themfighting?" asked Harry.
"No," said Ron seriously, "I mean we should tellthem to get out. We don't want
anymore Dobbies, do we? We can't order them to diefor us ­"
There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermione's arms.
Running at Ron, sheflung them around his neck and kissed himfullon themouth. Ron
threw away thefangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such
enthusiasmthat helifted Hermione offher feet.
"Is this themoment?" Harry asked weakly, and when nothinghappened except
that Ron and Hermione gripped each other stillmorefirmly and swayed on the spot, he
raised his voice. "Oi! There's a war going on here!"
Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms stillaround each other.
"I know, mate," said Ron, who looked as thoughhe had recently been hit on the
back of the head with a Bludger, "so it's now or never, isn'tit?"
"Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?" Harry shouted. "D'you think you
could just ­ just hold itinuntilwe've got the diadem?"
"Yeah ­ right ­ sorry ­" said Ron, and he and Hermione set about gatheringup

fangs, both pink in theface.
It was clear, as the three of them stepped back into the corridor upstairs, thatin
theminutes that they had spentin the Room of Requirement the situation within the
castlehad deteriorated severely:The walls and ceiling were shaking worse than ever;
dustfilled the air, and through the nearest window, Harry saw bursts ofgreen and red
light so close to thefoot of the castle thathe knew the Death Eaters must be very near to
entering the place. Looking down, Harry saw Grawp the giantmeandering past, swinging
whatlooked like a stone gargoyle torn from the roof and roaringhis displeasure.
"Let's hope he steps on some of them!"said Ron as more screams echoed from
close by.
"As long as it's not any of our lot!" said a voice:Harry turned and saw Ginny and
Tonks, both with their wands drawn at the next window, which was missing several
panes. Even as he watched, Ginny sent a well-aimed jinxinto a crowd offighters below.
"Good girl!"roared a figure running through the dust toward them, and Harry saw
Aberforth again, hisgray hairflying as heled a smallgroup of students past. "Theylook
like they might be breaching the north battlements, they've broughtgiants of their own."
"Have you seen Remus?" Tonks called after him.
"He was duelingDolohov," shouted Aberforth, "haven't seen himsince!"
"Tonks," said Ginny, "Tonks, I'm sure he's okay ­"
But Tonks had run offinto the dust after Aberforth.
Ginny turned, helpless, to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
"They'll be allright," said Harry, thoughhe knew they were empty words.
"Ginny, we'll be back in a moment, just keep out of the way, keep safe ­ come on!"he
said to Ron and Hermione, and they ran back to the stretch of wall beyond which the
Room of Requirement was waiting to do the bidding of the next entrant.
I need the place where everything is hidden. Harry begged ofitinside his head,
and the door materialized on their third run past.
Thefuror of the battle died themoment they crossed the threshold and closed the
door behind them:Allwas silent. They were in a place the size of a cathedralwiththe
appearance of a city, its towering walls built of objects hidden by thousands oflong-gone
students.
"And he never realized anyone could getin?" said Ron, his voice echoingin the
silence.
"He thoughthe was the only one," said Harry. "Too bad for himI've had to hide
stuffinmy time . . . this way,"he added. "I think it's down here. . . ."
They sped offup adjacent aisles; Harry could hear the others' footsteps echoing

through the towering piles of junk, of bottles, hats, crates, chairs, books, weapons,
broomsticks, bats. . . .
"Somewhere near here," Harrymuttered to himself. "Somewhere . . .
somewhere . . ."
Deeper and deeper into thelabyrinthhe went, lookingfor objects he recognized
fromhis one previous trip into the room. His breath was loud inhis ears, and thenhis
very soul seemed to shiver. Thereit was, right ahead, the blistered old cupboard in which
he had hidden his old Potions book, and on top ofit, the pockmarked stone warlock
wearing a dusty old wig and whatlooked like an ancient discolored tiara.
He had already stretched outhis hand, thoughhe remained few feet away, when a
voice behind himsaid, "Hold it, Potter."
He skidded to a halt and turned around. Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind
him, shoulder to shoulder, wands pointing right at Harry. Through the smallspace
between their jeeringfaces he saw Draco Malfoy.
"That's my wand you're holding, Potter," said Malfoy, pointinghis own through
the gap between Crabbe and Goyle.
"Not anymore," panted Harry, tighteninghis grip on the hawthorn wand.
"Winners, keepers, Malfoy. Who's lent you theirs?"
"My mother," said Draco.
Harry laughed, though there was nothingvery humorous about the situation. He
could not hear Ron or Hermione anymore. They seemed to have run out of earshot,
searchingfor the diadem.
"So how come you three aren't with Voldemort?" asked Harry.
"We're gonna be rewarded," said Crabbe. His voice was surprisingly softfor such
an enormous person:Harry had hardly ever heard himspeak before. Crabbe was
speaking
like a small child promised a large bag of sweets. "We `ung back, Potter. We decided not
to go. Decided to bringyou to `im."
"Good plan," said Harryinmock admiration. He could not believe that he was
this close, and was going to be thwarted by Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. He began edging
slowly backward toward the place where the Horcrux satlopsided upon the bust. If he
could justget hishands onit before thefight broke out . . .
"So how did yougetinhere?"he asked, trying to distract them.
"I virtuallylived in the Room of Hidden Things alllast year," said Malfoy, his
voice brittle. "I know how to getin."
"We was hidingin the corridor outside," grunted Goyle. "We can do Diss-lusion

Charms now! And then,"his face splitinto a gormless grin, "you turned up rightinfront
of us and said you was lookingfor a die-dum! What's a die-dum?"
"Harry?" Ron's voice echoed suddenlyfrom the other side of the wallto Harry's
right. "Are you talking to someone?"
With a whiplikemovement, Crabbe pointed his wand at thefiftyfootmountain of
old furniture, of broken trunks, of old books and robes and unidentifiable junk, and
shouted, "Descendo!"
The wall began to totter, then the top third crumbled into the aisle next door
where Ron stood.
"Ron!" Harry bellowed, as somewhere out of sight Hermione screamed, and
Harry heard innumerable objects crashing to thefloor on the other side of the destabilized
wall:He pointed his wand at the rampart, cried, "Finite!" and it steadied.
"No!" shouted Malfoy, staying Crabbe's arm as thelatter made to repeat his spell.
"Ifyou wreck the roomyoumight bury this diadem thing!"
"What's thatmatter?" said Crabbe, tugginghimselffree. "It's Potter the Dark
Lord wants, who cares about a die-dum?"
"Potter cameinhere to getit," said Malfoy withill-disguised impatience at the
slow-wittedness of his colleagues. "so thatmustmean ­"
"'Mustmean'?" Crabbe turned on Malfoy withundisguised ferocity. "Who cares
what you think? I don't take your orders no more, Draco. You an' your dad are
finished."
"Harry?" shouted Ron again, fromthe other side of the junk wad. "What's going
on?"
"Harry?"mimicked Crabbe. "What's going on ­ no, Potter! Crucio!"
Harry had lunged for the tiara; Crabbe's curse missed himbuthit the stone bust,
whichflewinto the air; the diadem soared upward and then dropped out of sightinthe
mass of objects on which the bust had rested.
"STOP!" Malfoy shouted at Crabbe, hisvoice echoing through the enormous
room. "The Dark Lord wants himalive ­"
"So? I'mnot killinghim, am I?"yelled Crabbe, throwing off Malfoy's restraining
arm. "Butif I can, I will, the Dark Lord wants him dead anyway, what's the diff­ ?"
A jet of scarletlight shot past Harry byinches:Hermionehad run around the
corner behind him and sent a Stunning Spellstraight at Crabbe's head. It onlymissed
because Malfoy pulled himout of the way.
"It's that Mudblood! Avada Kedavra!"
Harry saw Hermione dive aside, and his fury that Crabbe had aimed to killwiped

all elsefromhis mind. He shot a Stunning Spell at Crabbe, who lurched out of the way,
knocking Malfoy's wand out ofhis hand;it rolled out of sight beneath amountain of
broken furniture and bones.
"Don't killhim! DON'T KILL HIM!" Malfoy yelled at Crabbe and Goyle, who
were both aiming at Harry:Their split second's hesitation was allHarry needed.
"Expelliarmus!"
Goyle's wand flew out ofhishand and disappeared into the bulwark of objects
beside him;Goyleleapt foolishly on the spot, trying to retrieveit; Malfoy jumped out of
range of Hermione's second Stunning Spell, and Ron, appearing suddenly at the end of
the aisle, shot a fullBody-Bind Curse at Crabbe, which narrowlymissed.
Crabbe wheeled around and screamed, "Avada Kedavra!" again. Ronleapt out of
sight to avoid the jet of greenlight. The wand-less Malfoy cowered behind a three-legged
wardrobe as Hermione charged toward them, hitting Goyle with a Stunning Spellas she
came.
"It's somewhere here!" Harry yelled at her, pointing at the pile of junk into which
the old tiara had fallen. "Look for it while I go and help R ­"
"HARRY!" she screamed.
A roaring, billowingnoise behind himgave him amoment's warning. He turned
and saw both Ron and Crabbe running as hard as they could up the aisle toward them.
"Likeithot, scum?" roared Crabbe as he ran.
Buthe seemed to have no control over what he had done. Flames of abnormal size
were pursuing them, lickingup the sides of the junk bulwarks, which were crumblingto
soot at their touch.
"Aguamenti!"Harry bawled, but the jet of water that soared from the tip of his
wand evaporated in the air.
"RUN!"
Malfoy grabbed the Stunned Goyle and dragged him along; Crabbe outstripped all
of them, now looking terrified; Harry, Ron, and Hermione pelted alonginhis wake, and
thefire pursued them. It was not normalfire; Crabbe had used a curse of which Harry
had
no knowledge. As they turned a corner theflames chased them as though they were alive,
sentient, intent upon killing them. Now the fire was mutating, forming a gigantic pack of
fiery beasts: Flaming serpents, chimaeras, and dragons rose and fell and rose again, and
the detritus of centuries on which they were feeding was thrown up into the air into their
fanged mouths, tossed high on clawed feet, before being consumed by theinferno.
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had vanished fromview:Harry, Ron and Hermione

stopped dead; thefiery monsters were circling them, drawing closer and closer, claws and
horns and tailslashed, and the heat was solid as a wall around them.
"What can we do?" Hermione screamed over the deafening roars of thefire.
"What can we do?"
"Here!"
Harry seized a pair ofheavy-looking broomsticks from the nearest pile of junk
and threw one to Ron, who pulled Hermione onto it behind him. Harry swunghis leg
over the second broom and, withhard kicks to the ground, they soared up in the air,
missing by feet the horned beak of a flaming raptor that snapped its jaws at them. The
smoke and heat were becoming overwhelming:Below them the cursed fire was
consuming the contraband of generations ofhunted students, the guilty outcomes of a
thousand banned experiments, the secrets of the countless souls who had sought refugein
the room. Harry couldnot see a trace of Malfoy, Crabbe, or Goyle anywhere. He
swooped
as low as he dare over themaraudingmonsters offlame to try to find them, but there was
nothing butfire: What a terrible way to die. . . . He had never wanted this. . . .
"Harry, let's get out, let's get out!" bellowed Ron, thoughit was impossible to see
where the door was through the black smoke.
And then Harryheard a thin, piteous human screamfrom amidst the terrible
commotion, the thunder of devouringflame.
"It's ­ too ­ dangerous ­ !"Ron yelled, but Harry wheeled in the air. His glasses
givinghis eyes some smallprotectionfromthe smoke, he raked thefirestorm below,
seeking a sign oflife, a limb or a face that was not yet charred like wood. . . .
And he saw them:Malfoy withhis arms around the unconscious Goyle, the pair
of them perched on a fragile tower of charred desks, and Harry dived. Malfoy saw him
coming and raised one arm, but even as Harry grasped ithe knew at once thatitwas no
good. Goyle was too heavy and Malfoy's hand, covered in sweat, slid instantly out of
Harry's ­
"IF WE DIE FOR THEM, I'LL KILL YOU, HARRY!" roared Ron's voice, and,
as a greatflaming chimaera bore downupon them, he and Hermione dragged Goyle onto
their broom and rose, rolling and pitching, into the air once more as Malfoy clambered up
behind Harry.
"The door, get to the door, the door!" screamed Malfoyin Harry's ear, and Harry
sped up, following Ron, Hermione, and Goyle through the billowing black smoke, hardly
able to breathe: and all around themthelastfew objects unburned by the devouring
flames were flunginto the air, as the creatures of the cursed fire cast themhighin

celebration: cups and shields, a sparklingnecklace, and an old, discolored tiara ­
"What are you doing, what are you doing, the door's that way!" screamed Malfoy,
but Harrymade a hairpin swerve and dived. The diadem seemed to fallin slow motion,
turning and glittering as it dropped toward themaw of a yawning serpent, and thenhe
had it, caughtit around his wrist ­
Harry swerved again as the serpentlunged at him;he soared upward and straight
toward the place where, he prayed, the door stood open; Ron, Hermione and Goyle had
vanished; Malfoy was screaming and holding Harry so tightlyithurt. Then, through the
smoke, Harry saw a rectangular patch on the wall and steered the broom atit, and
moments later clean airfilled hislungs and they collided with the wallin the corridor
beyond.
Malfoyfelloff the broom and layfacedown, gasping, coughing, and retching.
Harry rolled over and sat up:The door to the Room of Requirement had vanished, and
Ron and Hermione sat panting on thefloor beside Goyle, who was stillunconscious.
"C-Crabbe," choked Malfoy as soon as he could speak. "C-Crabbe . . ."
"He's dead," said Ron harshly.
There was silence, apartfrom panting and coughing. Then a number of huge
bangs shook the castle, and a great cavalcade of transparentfigures galloped past on
horses, their heads screaming with bloodlustunder their arms. Harry staggered to his feet
when the Headless Hunthad passed and looked around:The battle was stillgoing on all
around him. He could hear more screamthan those of the retreatingghosts. Panic flared
withinhim.
"Where's Ginny?"he said sharply. "She was here. She was supposed to be going
back into the Room of Requirement."
"Blimey, d'you reckon it'llstillwork after thatfire?" asked Ron, but he too got to
hisfeet, rubbinghis chest and lookingleft and right. "Shallwe splitup and look ­ ?"
"No," said Hermione, getting to her feet too. Malfoy and Goyle remained
slumped hopelessly on the corridor floor; neither of themhad wands. "Let's stick
together. I say we go ­ Harry, what's that on your arm?"
"What? Oh yeah ­"
He pulled the diademfromhis wrist and held itup. It was stillhot, blackened with
soot, but as helooked atit closelyhe was just able to make out the tiny words etched
uponit;WIT BEYOND MEASURE IS MAN'S GREATEST TREASURE.
A bloodlike substance, dark and tarry, seemed to be leakingfrom the diadem.
Suddenly Harryfelt the thingvibrate violently, then break apartinhis hands, and as it did
so, he thoughthe heard thefaintest, most distant scream of pain, echoingnotfromthe

grounds or the castle, butfrom the thingthathad justfragmented inhisfingers.
"Itmust have been Fiendfyre!"whimpered Hermione, her eyes on the broken
piece.
"Sorry?"
"Fiendfyre ­ cursed fire ­ it's one of the substances that destroy Horcruxes, but I
would never, ever have dared useit, it's so dangerous ­ how did Crabbe know how to ­
?"
"Must'velearned from the Carrows," said Harry grimly.
"Shame he wasn't concentrating when they mentioned how to stop it, really," said
Ron, whose hair, like Hermione's, was singed, and whose face was blackened. "Ifhe
hadn't tried to killus all, I'd be quite sorry he was dead."
"But don't you realize?" whispered Hermione. "This means, ifwe can just get the
snake ­"
But she broke off as yells and shouts and the unmistakable noises of duelingfilled
the corridor. Harrylooked around and hisheart seemed to fail:Death Eaters had
penetrated Hogwarts. Fred and Percy had just backed into view, both of them dueling
masked and hooded men.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione ran forward to help:Jets oflightflewin every
direction and theman dueling Percy backed off, fast:Then his hood slipped and they saw
a highforehead and streaked hair ­
"Hello, Minister!" bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who
dropped his wand and clawed at thefront ofhis robes, apparentlyin awful discomfort.
"Did I mention I'mresigning?"
"You're joking, Perce!" shouted Fred as the Death Eater he was battling collapsed
under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells. Thicknesse had fallen to the ground
with tiny spikes erupting allover him;he seemed to be turninginto someform of sea
urchin. Fred looked at Percy withglee.
"You actually are joking, Perce. . . . I don't think I've heard you joke since you
were ­"
The air exploded. They had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred,
and Percy, the two Death Eaters at their feet, one Stunned, the other Transfigured; and in
thatfragment of a moment, when danger seemed temporarily at bay, the world was rent
apart, Harry felthimselfflying through the air, and allhe could do was hold as tightly as
possible to that thin stick of wood that was his one and only weapon, and shield hishead
inhis arms:He heard the screams and yells ofhis companions without a hope of knowing
what had happened to them ­

And then the world resolved itselfinto pain and semidarkness:He was half buried
inthe wreckage of a corridor that had been subjected to a terrible attack. Cold air told
himthat the side of the castle had been blown away, and hot stickiness on his cheek told
himthat he was bleeding copiously. Thenhe heard a terrible cry that pulled at hisinsides,
that expressed agony of a kind neither flame nor curse could cause, and he stood up,
swaying, more frightened than he had been that day, more frightened, perhaps, than he
had been inhislife. . . .
And Hermione was struggling to her feetin the wreckage, and three redheaded
men were grouped on the ground where the wallhad blasted apart. Harry grabbed
Hermione's hand as they staggered and stumbled over stone and wood.
"No ­ no ­ no!" someone was shouting."No! Fred! No!"
And Percy was shakinghis brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Fred's eyes
stared without seeing, the ghost of hislastlaugh stilletched upon hisface.




Chapter Thirty-Two
The Elder Wand

The world had ended, so whyhad the battle not ceased, the castle
fallen silentinhorror, and every combatantlaid down their arms?
Harry's mind was infree fall, spinning out of control, unable to
grasp theimpossibility, because Fred Weasley could not be dead,
the evidence of allhis senses must be lying--
And then a body fell past the hole blowninto the side of the
school and curses flew in at themfrom the darkness, hitting the
wall behind their heads.
"Get down!" Harry shouted, as more curses flew through the night:
He and Ron had both grabbed Hermione and pulled her to thefloor,
but Percy lay across Fred's body, shieldingitfromfurther harrm,
and when Harry shouted "Percy, come on, we've got to move!"he
shook his head.
"Percy!" Harry saw tear tracks streakingthe grime coating ron's
face as he sezied his elder brother's shoulders and pulled, but
Percy would not budge. "Percy, you can't do anythingfor him! We're

going to--"
Hermione screamed, and Harry, turning, did not need to ask why. A
monstrous spider the size of a small car was trying to climb
through the huge holein the wall. one of Aragog's descendants had
joined thefight.
Ron and Harry shouted together; their spells collided and the
monster was blown backward, its legs jerkinghorribly, and vanished
into the darkness.
"It broughtfriends!" Harry called to the others, glancing over the
edge of the castle through the holein the wallthe curses had
blasted. More giant spiders were climbing the side of the building,
liberated from the Forbidden Forest, into which the Death Eaters
musthave penetrated. Harry fired Stunning Spells down upon them,
knocking thelead monster into its fellows, so that they rolled
back down the building and out of sight. Thenmore curses came
soaring over Harry's head, so close hefelttheforce of them blow
hishair.
"Let's move, NOW!"
Pushing Hermione ahead of himwith ron, Harry stooped to seize
Fred's body under the armpit. Percy, realizingwhat Harry was
trying to do, stopped clinging to the body and helped: together,
crouchinglow to avoid the curses flyingat themfrom the grounds,
they hauled Fred out of the way.
"Here," said Harry, and they placed himin a niche where a suit of
armor had stood earlier. He could not bear to look at Fred a second
longer than he had to, and after making sure that the body was well-
hidden, he took off after ron and Hermione. Malfoy and Goyle had
vanished but at the end of the corridor, which was now full of dust
and fallingmasonry, glass longgonefromwindows, he saw many
people running backward and forward, whether friends or foes he
could not tell. Rounding the corner, Percylet out a bull-like
roar:"ROOKWOOD!" and sprinted off inthe direction of a tallman,
who was pursuing a couple of students.
"Harry, inhere!" Hermione screamed.
She had pulled Ron behind a tapestry. They seemed to be wrestling
together, and for onemad second Harry thought that they were

embracing again; thenhhe saw that Hermione was trying to restrain
Ron, to stop himrunning after Percy.
"Listen to me--LISTEN RON!"
"I wanna help--I wanna killDeath Eaters--"
His face was contorted, smeared with dust and smoke, and he was
shaking with rage and grief.
"ron, we're the only ones who can end it! Please--ron--we need the
snake, we've got to killthe snake!" said Hermione.
But Harry knew how Ronfelt: Pursuing another Horcrux could not
bring the satisfaction of revenge; he too wanted to fight, to
punish them, the people who had killed Fred, and he wanted to find
the other Weasleys, and above allmake sure, make quite sure, that
Ginny was not--but he could not permit thatidea to forminhis
mind--
"We willfight!" Hermione said. "We'llhave to, to reach the snake!
Butlet's notlose sightnow of what we're supposed to be d-doing!
We're the only ones who can end it!"
She was crying too, and she wiped her face on her torn and singed
sleeve as she spoke, but she took great heaving breaths to calm
herself as, stillkeeping a tighthold on ron, she turned to Harry.
"You need to find out where Voldemort is, because he'llhave the
snake withhim, won't he? Do it, Harry--look inside him!"
Why was it so easy? Because his scar had been burningfor hours,
yearning to show himVoldemort's thoughts? He closed his eyes on
her command, and at once, the screams and bangs and allthe
discordant sounds of the battle were drowned untilthey became
distant, as thoughhe stood far, far away fromthem...
He was standingin themiddle of a desolate but strangelyfamiliar
room, with peeling paper on the walls and allthe windows boarded
up exceptfor one. The sounds of the assault on the castle were
muffled and distant. The singleunblocked window revealed distant
bursts oflight where the castle stood, butinside the roomwas
dark except for a solitary oillamp.
He was rollinghis wand between his figners, watchingit, his
thoughts on the roomin the castle, the secret room onlyhehad
ever found, the room, like the chamber, that you had to be clever

and cunning and inquisitive to discover...He was confident that the
boy would notfind the diadem...althoughDumbledore's puppet had
comemuch farther than he ever expected...too far...
"My Lord," said a voice, desperate and cracked. He turned: there
was Lucius Malfoy sittingin the darkest corner, ragged and still
bearing themarks of the punishmenthe had received after the boy's
last escape. One of his eyes remained closed and puffy."My
Lord...please...my son..."
"Ifyour son is dead, Lucius, itis notmyfault. He did not come
and joinme, like the rest of the Slytherins. Perhaps he has
decided to befriend Harry Potter?"
"No--never," whispered Malfoy.
"You musthope not."
"Aren't--aren't you afraid, my Lord that Potter might die at
another hand but yours?" asked Malfoy, hisvoice shaking."Wouldn't
it be...forgiveme...more prudent to calloff this battle, enter
the castle, and seek himy-yourself?"
"Do not pretend Lucius. You wish the battle to cease so that you
can discover what has happened to your son. And i do not need to
seek Potter. Before the nightis out, Potter willhave come to find
me."
Voldemort dropped his gaze once more to the wand inhis fingers. It
troubled him...and those things that troubled Lord Voldemort needed
to be rearranged...
"Go and fetch Snape."
"Snape, m-my Lord?"
"Snape. Now. I need him. Thereis a --service--I requirefromhim.
Go."
Frightened, stumbling alittle through the gloom, Luciusleft the
room. Vodlemort continued to stand there, twirling the wand between
hisfingers, staring atit.
"Itis the only way, Nagini,"he whispered, and helooked around,
and there was the great thick snake, now suspended inmidair,
twistinggracefullywithin the enchanted, protected space he had
made for her, a starry, transparent sphere somewhere between a
glittering cage and a tank.

With a gasp, Harry pulled back and opened his yees at the same
moment his ears were assaulted with the screeches and cries, the
smashes and bangs of battle.
"He's in the Shrieking Shack. The snake's withhim,it's got some
sort of magical protection around it. He's just sent Lucius Malfoy
to find Snape."
"voldemort's sittingin the shrieking Shack?" said Hermione,
outraged. "He's not--he's not even FIGHTING?"
"He doesn't think he needs to fight," said Harry. "He thinks I'm
going to go to him."
"But why?"
"He knows I'm after Horcruxes--he's keeping Nagini close beside him-
-obviously I'mgoing to have to go to himto get near the thing--"
"Right," said Ron, squaringhis shoulders. "So you can't go, that's
what he wants, what he's expecting. You stay here and look after
Hermione, and I'llgo and getit--"
Harry cut across Ron.
"You two stay here, I'llgo under the Cloak and I'll be back as
soon as I--"
"No," said Hermione,, "itmakes muchmore sense if I take the Cloak
and--"
"Don't even think aboutit," Ron snarled at her.
before Hermione could getfarther than"Ron, I'm just as capable --
"the tapestry at the top of the staircase on which they stood was
ripped open.
"POTTER!"
Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even before their wands
were fullyraised, Hermione shouted "Glisseo!"
The stairs beneath theirfeetflatteneed into a chute and she,
Harry, and Ron hurtled down it, unable to control their speed but
so fast that the Death Eaters' Stunning Spells flew far over their
heads. They shot through the concealing tapestry at the bottom and
spun onto thefloor, hitting the opposite wall.
"Duro!" cried Hermione, pointingher wand at the tapestry, and
there were two loud, sickening crunches as the tapestry turned to
stone and the Death Eaters pursuing themcrumpled againstit.

"Get back!" shouted Ron, and he, Harry, and Hermione hurled
themselves against a door as a herd of galloping desks thundered
past, shepherdd by a sprinting Professor McGonagall. She appeared
not to notice them. Her hair had come down and there was a gash on
her cheek. As she turned the corner, theyheard her scream,
"CHARGE!"
"Harry, youget the Cloak on," said Hermione. "Never mind us--"
Buthe threw it over allthree of them;large though they were he
doubted anyone would see their disembodied feet through the dust
that clogged the air, thefalling stone, the shimmer of spells.
they ran down the next staircase and found themselves in a corridor
fullof duelers. The portraits on either side of thefighters were
crammed withfigures screaming advice and encouragement, while
Death Eaters, bothmasked and unmasked, dueled students and
teachers. Dean had won himself a wand, for he was face-to-face with
Dolohov, Parvatiwith Travers. Harry, ron and Hermione raised their
wands at once, ready to strike, but the duelers were weaving and
darting so much that there was a stronglikelihood of hurting on of
their own side ifthey cast curses. Even as they stood braced,
lookingfor the opportunity to act, there came a great"Wheeeeee!"
and lookingup, Harry saw Peeves zoomign over them, dropping
Snargaluff pods down onto the Death Eaters, whose heads were
suddenly engulfed in wrigglinggreen tubers like fat worms.
"ARGH!"
A fistfulof tubers had hit the Cloak over Ron's head; the damp
green roots were suspended improbablyinmidair as Ron tried to
shake themloose.
"Someone's invisible there!" shouted a masked Death Eater, pointing.
Dean made themost of the Death Eater's momentary distraction,
knockinghim out with a stunning Spell;Dolohov attempted to
retaliate, and Parvati shot a Body Bind Curse at him.
"LET'S GO!" Harry yelled, and he, Ron, and Hermione gathered the
Cloak tightly around themselves and pelted, heads down, through the
midst of thefighters, slipping a littlein pools of Snargaluff
juice, toward the top of themarble staircase into the entrance
hall.

"I'mDraco Malfoy, I'm Draco, I'm on your side!"
Draco was on the upper landing, pleading with anoter masked Death
Eater. Harry Stunned the Death Eater as they passed. Malfoylooked
around, beaming, for his savior, and Ron punched himfromunder the
Cloak. Malfoyfell backward on top of the Death Eater, hismouth
bleeding, utterly bemused.
"And that's the second time we've saved your life tonight, you two-
faced bastard!" Ron yelled.
There were more duelers all over the stairs and in the hall. Death
Eaters everywhere Harrylooked: Yaxley, close to thefront doors,
in combat with Flitwick, amasked Death Eater dueling Kingsley
right beside them. Students ranin every direction; some carrying
or dragginginjured friends. Harry directed a Stunnning Spell
toward themasked Death Eater;itmissed but nearlyhit Neville,
who had emerged fromnowhere brandishing armfuls of Venomous
Tentacula, whichlooped itselfhappily around the nearest Death
Eater and began reelinghimin.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sped won the marble staircase:glass
shattered on theleft, and the Slytherinhourglass that had
recorded House points spilled its emeralds everywhere, so that
people slipped and staggered as they ran. Two bodies fellfromthe
balcony overhead as they reached the ground a gray blur that Harry
took for an animal sped four-legged across the hallto sink its
teethinto one of thefallen.
"NO!" shrieked Hermione, and with a deafening blastfromher wand,
Fenrir Greyback was thrown backward fromthefeebly struggling body
of Lavender Brown. He hit themarble banisters and struggled to
return to hisfeet. Then, with a bright whiteflash and a crack, a
crystal ballfell on top of his head, and he crumpled to the ground
and did notmove.
"Ihavemore!" shrieked Professor Trelawney from over the
banisters. "Morefor any who want them! Here--"
And with a movelikea tennis serve, she heaved another enormous
crystal spherefromher bag, waved her wand through the air, and
caused the ballto speed across the hall and smash through a
window. At the samemoment, the heavy wooden front doors burst

open, and more of the gigantic spiders forced their wayinto the
fronthall.
Screams of terror rent the air:thefighters scattered, Death
Eaters and Hogwartians alike, and red and green jets of lightflew
into themidst of the oncomingmonsters, which shuddered and
reared, more terrifying than ever.
"How do we get out?"yelled ron over allthe screaming, but before
either Harry or Hermione could answer they were bowled aside;
Hagrid had come thundering down the stairs, brandishinghis flowery
pink umbrella.
"Don't hurt 'em, don't hurt 'em!"heyelled.
"HAGRID, NO!"
Harryforgot everything else:he sprinted outfromunder the cloak,
running bent double to avoid the curses illuminating the whole hall.
"HAGRID, COME BACK!"
Buthe was not even halfway to Hagrid when he saw ithappen:Hagrid
vanished amongst the spiders, and with a great scurrying, afoul
swarmingmovement, they retreated under the onslaught of spells,
Hagrid buried in their midst.
"HAGRID!" Harry heard someone callinghis own name, whether friend
or foe he did not care: He was springintdown thefront steps into
the dark grounds, and the spiders were swarming away with their
prey, and he could see nothing of Hagrid at all.
"HAGRID!"
He thoughthe could make out an enormous arm wavingfromthemdist
of the spider swarm, but as hemade to chase after them, his way
was impeded by a monumentalfoot, which swung down out of the
darkness and made the ground on whichhe stood shudder. He looked
up:A giant stood before him, twenty feet high,its head ihidden in
shadow, nothing butits treelike, hairy shinsilluminated by light
fromthe castle doors. With one brutal, fluidmovement, it smashed
a massivefist through an upper window, and glass rained down upon
Harryk, forcinghim back under the shelter of the doorway.
"Ohmy--!" shrieked Hermione, as she and ron caughtup with Harry
and gazed upward at the giant now trying to seize people through
the window above.

"DON'T!" ron yelled, grabbing Hermione's hand as she raised her
wand. "Stunhim and he'll crush half the castle--"
"HAGGER?"
Grawp camelurching around the corner of the castle; only dnow did
Harry realzie that Grawp was, indeed, anundersized giant. The
gargantuanmonster trying to crush people on the upper floors
turned around and let out a rorar. The stone steps tremebled as he
stomped toward his smaller kin, and Grawp's lopsided mouthfell
open, showingyellow, half brick-sized teeth; and then they
launched themselves at each other with the savagery oflions.
"RUN!" Harry roared; the ngihtwas fullof hideous yells and blows
as the giants wrestled, and he seized Hermione's hand and tore down
the steps into the grounds, Ron bringingup the rear. Harry had not
lost hope offinding and saving Hagrid; he ran so fast that they
were halfway toward theforest before they were broughtup short
again.
The air around themhad frozen:Harry's breath caught and
solidified inhis chest. Shapes moved outin the darkness, swirling
figures of concentrated blackness, movingin a great wave towards
the castles, theirfaces hooded and their breath rattling...
ron and Hermione closed in beside him as the sounds offighting
behind themgrew suddenlymuted, deadened, because a silence only
dementors could bring was falling thicklythrough the night, and
Fred was gone, and Hagrid was suurelydying or already dead...
"come on, Harry!" said Hermione's voice from a verylong way away.
"Patronuses, Harry, come on!"
he raised his wand, but a dullhopelessness was spreading
throughouthim:How manymorelay dead thathe did not yet know
about? He felt as thoughhis soulhad already halflefthis body....
"HARRY, COME ON!" screamed Hermione.
A hundred dementors were advancing, gliding toward them, sucking
their way closer to Harry's despair, which was like a promise of a
feast...
He saw Ron's silver terrier burstinto the air, flicker feebly, and
expire; he saw Hermione's otter twistin midair and fade, and his
own wand trembled inhishand, and he almost welcomed the oncoming

oblivion, the promise ofnothing, ofno feeling...
And then a silver hare, a boar, and fox soared past Harry, Ron, and
Hermione's heads: the dementors fellback before the creatures'
approach. Three more people had arrived out of the darkness to
stand beside them, their wands outstretched, continuing to cast
Patronuses:Luna, Ernie, and Seamus.
"That's right," said Luna encouragingly, as ifthey were back in
the Room of Requirement and this was simply spell practice for the
D.A., "That's right, Harry...come on think of somethinghappy..."
'somethinghappy?"he said, his voice cracked.
"We're allstillhere," she whispered, "we;re stillfighting. Come
on, now...."
There was a silver spark, then a waveringlight, and then, with the
greatest effortithad ever cost himthe stag burstfrom the end of
Harry's wand. It cantered forward, and now the dementors scattered
in earnest, and immediately the night was mild again, but the
sounds of the surrounding battle were loud inhis ears.
"Can't thank you enough," said ron shakily, turning to Luna, Ernie,
and Seamus"you just saved--"
With a roar and an earth-quaking tremor, another giant came
lurching out of the darkness from the direction of theforest,
brandishing a club taller than any of them.
"RUN!" Harry shouted again, but the others needed no telling; They
allscattered, and not a second too soon, for the nextmoment the
creature's vastfoot had fallen exactly where they had been
standing. Harrylooked round:ron and Hermione werefollowinghim,
but the other three had vanished back into the battle.
"Let's get out of range!"yelled Ron as the giant swungits club
again and its bellows echoed through thenight, across the grounds
wehere bursts of red and greenlight continued to illuminate the
darkness.
"The Whomping willow," said Harry,"go!"
Somehow he walled it allup inhismind, crammed itinto a small
space into whichhe could notlook now:thoughts of Fred and
Hagrid, and his terror for allthe people he loved, scattered in
and outside the castle, must allwait, because they had to run, had

to reach the snake and Voldemort, because that was, as Hermione
said, the only way to end it--
He sprinted, half-believinghe could outdistance deathitself,
ignoring the jets oflightflyingin the darkness all around him,
and the sound ofhte lake crashinglike the sea, and the creaking
of the Forbidden Forest though the nightwas windless; through
grounds that seemed themselves to have risenin rebellion, he ran
faster than he had ever moved inhislife, and it was he who saw
the great tree first, the Willow that protected the secret at its
roots with whiplike, slashing branches.
Panting and gasping, Harry slowed down, skirting the willow's
swiping branches, peering through the darkness toward its tick
trunk, trying to see the single knotin the bark of the old tree
that would paralyzeit. Ron and Hermione caughtup, Hermione so out
of breath that she could not speak.
"How--how're we going to getin?" panted ron. "I can--see the palce-
-if we jsut had--Crookshanks again--"
"Crookshanks?" wheezed Hermione, bent double, clutchingher chest.
"Are you a wizard, or what?"
"Oh--right--yeah--"
Ronlooked around, then directed his wand at a twig on the ground
and said "WinguardiumLeviosa!" The twigflew up from the gruond,
spun through the air as if caught by a gust of wind, then zoomed
directly at the trunk through the Willow's ominously swaying
branches. It jabbed at a place near the roots, and at once, the
writhing tree became still.
"Perfect!" panted Hermione.
"Wait."
For one teetering second, while the crashes and booms of the battle
filled the air, Harryhesitated. Voldemort wanted himto do this,
wanted himto come...Was heleading Ron and Hermioneinto a trap?
But the reality seemed to close upon him, cruel and plain:the only
wayforward was to killthe snake, and the snake was where
Voldemort was, and voldemort was at the end of this tunnel...
"Harry, we're coming, just getin there!" said Ron, pushinghim
forward.

Harry wriggled into the earthy passage hidden in the tree's roots.
It was a much tighter squeeze thanithad been thelast time they
had entered it. The tunnelwas low-ceilinged:they had had to
double up to move throuhghitnearlyfour years previously;now
there was nothingfor it but to crawl. Harry wentfirst, his wand
illuminated, expecting at anymoment to meet barriers, butnone
came. Theymoved in silence, Harry's gazefixed upon the swinging
beam of the wand held inhis fist. Atlast, the tunnel began to
slope upward and Harry saw a sliver oflight ahead. Hermione tugged
at his ankle.
"The Cloak!" she whispered. "Put the Cloak on!"
He groped behind him and sheforced the bundle of slippery cloth
into hisfree hand. With difficultyhe dragged it over himself,
murmered, "Nox," extinguishinghis wandlight, and continued on his
hands and knees, as silently as possible, allhis senses straining,
expecting every second to be discovered, to hear a cold clear
voice, see aflash ofgreen light.
and then he heard voices comingfromthe room directly ahead of
them, only slightlymuffled by thefact that the opening at the
endo fht etuunnelhad been blocked up by whatlooked like an old
crate. Hardly daring to breathe, Harry edged rightup tot he
opening and peered through a tinygap left between crate and wall.
The room beyond was dimlylit, buthe could see Nagini, swirlign
and coilinglike a serpentunderwater, safe inher enchanted,
starry sphere, whichfloated unsupported inmidair. He could see
the edge of a table, and a long-fingered white hand toying with a
wand.
Then Snape spoke, and Harry's heartlurched: Snape was inches away
fromwhere he crouched, hidden.
"...my Lord, their resistanceis crumbling--"
"--and itis doing so withoutyour help," said Voldemortinhis
high, clear voice. "Skilled wizard thoughyou are, Severus, I do
not think you willmake much difference now. We are almost
there...almost."
"Letmefind the boy. Let me bringyou Potter. I know I can find
him, my Lord. Please."

Snape strode past the gap, and Harry drew back a little, keeping
his eyes fixed upon Nagini, wondering whether there was any spell
thatmight penetrate the protection surroundingher, but he could
not think of anything. Onefailed attempt, and he would give away
his position...
Voldemort stood up. Harry could see himnow, see the red eyes, the
flattened, serpentineface, the pallor of himgleaming slightlyin
the semidarkness.
"Ihave a problem, Severus," said Voldemort softly.
"My Lord?" said Snape.
Voldemort raised the Elder Wand, holdingit as delicately and
precisely as a conductor's baton.
"Why doesn'tit work for me, Severus?"
In the silence Harry imagined he could hear the snake hissing
slightly as it coiled and uncoiled--or was itVoldemort's sibilant
sighlingering on the air?
"My--mylord?" said Snape blankly. "I do not understand. You--you
have performed extraordinarymagic with that wand."
"No," said Voldemort. "I have performed myusualmagic. I am
extraordinary, but this wand...no. It has not revealed the wonders
ithas promised. I feelno difference between this wand and the one
I procured from Ollivander allthose years ago."
Voldemort's tone was musing, calm, but Harry's scar had begun to
throb and pulse: Pain was buildinginhis forehead, and he could
feel that controlled sense of fury building inside Voldemort.
"No difference," said Voldemort again.
Snape did not speak. Harry could not see his face. He wondered
whether Snape sensed danger, was trying to find the rightwords to
reassure hismaster.
Voldemort started to move around the room:Harry lost sight ofhim
for seconds as he prowled, speakingin that samemeasured voice,
while the pain and furymounted in Harry.
"Ihave thoughtlong and hard, Severus...do you know why I have
called you back from battle?"
And for amoment Harry saw Snape's profile. His eyes werefixed
upon the coiling snake inits enchanted cage.

"No, my Lord, but I beg you willletme return. Letmefind Potter."
"You sound like Lucius. Neither ofyou understands Potter as I do.
He does not need finding. Potter willcome to me. I knew his
weakness you see, his one great flaw. He willhate watching the
others struck down around him, knwoing thatitis for himthatit
happens. He willwant to stop it at any cost. He willcome."
"Butmy Lord, hemight be killed accidentally by someone other than
yourself--"\
"Myinstructions to the Death Eaters have been perfectly clear.
Capture Potter. Killhisfriends--the more, the better--but do not
killhim.
"Butitis of you that I wished to speak, Severus, not Harry
Potter. You have been veryvaluable to me. Very valuable."
"My Lord knows I seek only to serve him. But--let mego and find
the boy, my Lord. Let me bringhimto you. I know I can--"
"Ihave told you, no!" said Voldemort, and Harry caught thelgint
of red inhis eyes as he turned again, and the swishing ofhis
cloak was like the slithering of a snake, and hefelt Voldemort's
impatienceinhis burning scar. "My concern at themoment, Severus,
is what willhappen when I finallymeet the boy!"
"My Lord, there can be no question, surely--?"
"--but thereis a question, Severus. There is."
Voldemort halted, and Harry could see himplainly again as he slid
the Elder Wand throughhis whitefingers, staring at Snape.
"Why did both the wands I have used failwhen directed at Harry
Potter?"
"I--I cannot answer that, my Lord."
"Can't you?"
The stab of ragefeltlike a spike driven through Harry's head:he
forced his ownfistinto hismouth to stop himselffrom crying out
in pain. He closed his eyes, and suddenlyhe was Voldemort, looking
into Snape's paleface.
"My wand of yew did everything of which I asked it, Severus, except
to killHarry Potter. Twice itfailed. Ollivander told me under
torture of the twin cores, told me to take another's wand. I did
so, but Lucius's wand shattered upon meeting Potter's."

"I--I have no explanation, my Lord."
Snape was notlooking at Voldemort now. His dark eyes were still
fixed upon the coiling serpentinits protective sphere.
"I sought a third wand, Severus. the Elder Wand, the Wand of
Destiny, the Deathstick. I took itfromits previous master. I took
itfrom the grfave of Albus Dumbledore."
And now Snape looked at Voldemort, and Snape's face was like a
death mask. it was marble white and so stillthat when he spoke, it
was a shock to see that anyonelived behind the blank eyes.
"My Lord--letme go to the boy--"
"allthislongnight when I am on the brink of victory, I have sat
here," said Voldemort, his voice barelylouder than a whisper,
"wondering, wondering, why the Elder Wand refuses to be whatit
ought to be, refuses to perform as legend says itmust performfor
its rightful owner...and I think I have the answer."
Snape did not speak.
"Perhaps you already know it? You are a clever man, after all,
Severus. You have been a good and faithfulservant, and I regret
whatmust happen."
"My Lord--"
"The Elder Wand cannot serveme properly, Severus, because I amnot
its truemaster. The Elder Wand belongs to the wizard who killed
itslast owner. You killed Albus Dumbledore. Whileyoulive,
Severus, the Elder Wand cannot truly bemine."
"My Lord!" Snape protested, raisinghis wand.
"It cannot be any other way," said Voldemort. "Imustmaster the
wand, Severus. Master the wand, and I master Potter at last."
And Voldemort swiped the air with the Elder Wand. It did nothing to
Sanpe, who for a split second seemed to think he had been
reprieved: but then Voldemort's intention became clear. The snake's
cage was rolling through the air, and before Snape could do
anythingmore than yell, ithad encased him, head and shoulders,
and Voldemort spoke in Parseltongue.
"Kill."
There was a terrible scream. Harry saw Snape's face losing the
little color ithad left;it whitened as his black eyes widened, as

the snake's fangs pierced his neck, as hefailed to push the
enchanted cage offhimself, as his knees gave way and hefellto
thefloor.
"I regret it," said Voldemort coldly.
He turned away; there was no sadness inhim, no remorse. It was
time to leave this shack and take charge, with a wand that would
now do hisfullbidding. He pointed it at the starry cage holding
the snake, which drifted upward, off snape, who fellsideways onto
thefloor, blood gushingfromthe wounds inhisneck. Voldemort
swept from the room without a backward glance, and the great
serpentfloated after himinits huge protective sphere.
Back in the tunnel and his own mind, Harry opened his eyes; He had
drawn blood biting down on his knuckles in an effort not to shout
out. Now he was looking through the tiny crack between crate and
wall, watching a footin a black boot trembling on thefloor.
"Harry!" breathed Hermione behind him, but he had already pointed
his wand at the crate blockinghis view. Itlifted aninchinto the
air and drifted sideways silently. As quietly as he could, he
pulled himselfup into the room.
He did not know whyhe was doingit, whyhe was approaching the
dyingman:he did not know what hefeltas he saw Snape's white
face, adn thefingers trying to staunch the bloody wound at his
neck. Harry took off theinvisibility cloak and looked down upon
theman he hated, whose widening black eyes found Harry as he cried
to speak. Harry bent over him, and Snape seized thefront of his
robes and pulled himclose.
A terrible rasping, gurglingnoiseissued from Snape's throat.
"Take...it...Take...it..."
Somethingmore than blood was leaking from Snape. Silvery blue,
neither gas nor liquid, itgushed formhis mouth and his ears and
his eyes, and Harry knew whatitwas, but did not know what to do--
A flask, conjured from thin air, was thrustinto his shakinghand
by Hermione. Harrylfited the silvery substance into it withhis
wand. When thefalsk was fullto the brim, and Snape looked as
though there was no blood leftinhim, hisgrip on Harry's robes
slackened.

"Look...at....me..."he whispered.
The green eyes found the black, but after a second, somethingin
the depths of the dark pari seemed to vanish, leaving themfixed,
blank, and empty. The hand holding Harry thudded to thefloor, and
Snape moved no more.


Chapter Thirty-Three
The Prince's Tale

Harry remained kneeling at Snape's side, simply staring down at him, until quite
suddenly a high, cold voice spoke so close to them that Harry jumped on hisfeet, the
flask gripped tightlyinhis hands, thinkingthat Voldemort had reentered the room.
Voldemort's voice reverberated from the walls and floor, and Harry realized that
he was talking to Hogwarts and to allthe surrounding area, that the residents of
Hogsmeade and allthose stillfightingin the castle would hear himas clearly as ifhe
stood beside them, his breath on the back of their necks, a deathblow away.
"You havefought," said the high, cold voice, "valiantly. Lord Voldemort knows
how to value bravery.
"Yet youhave sustained heavylosses. Ifyou continue to resistme, you willall
die, one by one. I do not wish this to happen. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a
loss and a waste.
"Lord Voldemortis merciful. I command myforces to retreatimmediately.
"You have one hour. Dispose of your dead with dignity. Treat your injured.
"I speak now, Harry Potter, directly to you. You have permitted your friends to
diefor you rather thanface meyourself. I shallwaitfor one hour in the Forbidden Forest.
If, at the end of thathour, you have not come to me, have not given yourselfup, then
battle recommences. This time, I shall enter thefraymyself, Harry Potter, and I shallfind
you, and I shall punish everylastman, woman, and child who has tried to concealyou
fromme. One hour."
Both Ron and Hermione shook their heads frantically,looking at Harry.
"Don'tlisten to him,"said Ron.
"It'll be allright," said Hermione wildly. "Let's ­ let's get back to the castle, if
he's gone to theforest we'llneed to think of a new plan ­ "
She glanced at Snape's body, then hurried back to the tunnel entrance. Ron
followed her. Harrygathered up the Invisibility Cloak, then looked down at Snape. He

did not know what to feel, except shock at the way Snape had been killed, and the
reason
for whichithad been done...
They crawled back through the tunnel, none of themtalking, and Harry wondered
whether Ron and Hermione could stillhear Voldemort ringingin their heads as he could.
You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself. I
shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest...One hour...
Small bundles seemed to litter thelawn at thefront of the castle (?). It could only
be an hour or so from dawn, yetit was pitch-black. The three of themhurried toward the
stone steps. A lone dog, the size of a small boat, lay abandoned infront of them. There
was no other sign of Grawp or of his attacker.
The castle was unnaturallysilent. There were no flashes oflightnow, no bangs or
screams or shouts. Theflagstones of the deserted entrance hallwere stained with blood.
Emeralds were stillscattered all over thefloor, along with pieces of marble and splintered
wood. Part of the banisters had been blown away.
"Where is everyone?"whispered Hermione.
Ronled the way to the Great Hall. Harry stopped in the doorway.
The House tables were gone and the room was crowded. The survivors stood in
groups, their arms around each other's necks. Theinjured were being treated upon the
raised platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helpers. Firenze was amongstthe
injured; hisflank poured blood and he shook where helay, unable to stand.
The dead layin a row in themiddle of the Hall. Harry could not see Fred's body,
because his family surrounded him. George was kneeling at hishead; Mrs. Weasley was
lying across Fred's chest, her body shaking. Mr. Weasley strokingher hair while tears
cascaded down his cheeks.
Without a word to Harry, Ron and Hermione walked away. Harry saw Hermione
approach Ginny, whoseface was swollen and blotchy, and hugher. Ron joined Bill,
Fleur,
and Percy, who flung an arm around Ron's shoulders. As Ginny and Hermione moved
closer to the rest of thefamily, Harryhad a clear view of the bodies lyingnext to Fred.
Remus and Tonks, pale and stilland peaceful-looking, apparently asleep beneath the
dark,
enchanted ceiling.
The Great Hallseemed to fly away, become smaller, shrink, as Harry reeled
backward from the doorway. He could not draw breath. He could not bear to look at any

of the other bodies, to see who else had died for him. He could not bear to join the
Weasleys, could notlook into their eyes, whenifhe had given himselfup in thefirst
place, Fred mightnever have died...
He turned away and ran up themarble staircase. Lupin, Tonks... He yearned not
to feel... He wished he could rip out his heart, hisinnards, everything that was screaming
inside him...
The castle was completely empty; even the ghosts seemed to have joined themass
mourningin the Great Hall. Harry ran without stopping, clutching the crystalflask of
Snape's last thoughts, and he did not slow down untilhe reached the stone gargoyle
guarding the headmaster's office.
"Password?"
"Dumbledore!" said Harry without thinking, because it was he whomhe yearned
to see, and to his surprise the gargoyle slid aside revealing the spiralstaircase behind.
But when Harry burstinto the circular office hefound a change. The portraits that
hung all around the walls were empty. Not a singleheadmaster or headmistress remained
to see him; all,it seemed, had flitted away, charging through the paintings thatlined the
castle so that they could have a clear view of what was going on.
Harry glanced hopelessly at Dumbledore's deserted frame, which hung directly
behind the headmaster's chair, then turned his back on it. The stone Pensievelayin the
cabinet where ithad always been. Harryheaved it onto the desk and poured Snape's
memories into the wide basin withits runicmarkings around the edge. To escape into
someone else's head would be a blessed relief... Nothing that even Snape had lefthim
could be worse than his own thoughts. Thememories swirled, silver white and strange,
and withouthesitating, with afeeling of reckless abandonment, as though this would
assuage his torturinggrief, Harry dived.
Hefellheadlonginto sunlight, and his feetfound warmground. When he
straightened up, he saw that he was in a nearly deserted playground. A singlehuge
chimney dominated the distant skyline. Two girls were swinging backward and forward,
and a skinny boy was watching themfrombehind a clump of bushes. His black hair was
overlong and his clothes were so mismatched thatitlooked deliberate: too short jeans, a
shabby, overlarge coat thatmighthave belonged to a grown man, an odd smocklike shirt.
Harry moved closer to the boy. Snape looked no more than nine or ten years old,
sallow, small, stringy. There was undisguised greed inhis thinface as he watched the
younger of the two girls swinginghigher and higher than her sister.
"Lily, don't do it!" shrieked the elder of the two.
But the girlhad let go of the swing at thevery height ofits arc and flowninto the

air, quiteliterallyflown, launched herselfskyward with a great shout oflaughter, and
instead of crumpling on the playground asphalt, she soared like a trapeze artist through
the air, stayingup far too long, landingfar too lightly.
"Mummy told you not to!"
Petunia stopped her swing by dragging the heels ofher sandals on the ground,
making a crunching, grinding sound, thenleapt up, hands on hips.
"Mummy said you weren't allowed, Lily!"
"But I'mfine," said Lily, stillgiggling. "Tuney, look at this. Watch what I can
do."
Petuniaglanced around. The playground was deserted apart from themselves and,
though the girls did not know it, Snape. Lilyhad picked up a fallenflower from the bush
behind which Snape lurked. Petunia advanced, evidently torn between curiosity and
disapproval. Lily waited untilPetunia was near enough to have a clear view, then held
out her palm. Theflower sat there, opening and closingits petals, like some bizarre,
many-lipped oyster.
"Stop it!" shrieked Petunia.
"It's not hurtingyou," said Lily, but she closed her hand on the blossom and
threw it back to the ground.
"It's not right," said Petunia, buther eyes had followed theflower's flight to the
ground and lingered upon it. "How do you do it?" she added, and there was definite
longinginher voice.
"It's obvious, isn'tit?" Snape could no longer containhimself, buthad jumped
outfrom behind the bushes. Petunia shrieked and ran backward toward the swings, but
Lily, though clearly startled, remained where she was. Snape seemed to regret his
appearance. A dullflush of color mounted the sallow cheeks as helooked at Lily.
"What's obvious?" asked Lily.
Snape had an air of nervous excitement. With a glance at the distant Petunia, now
hovering beside the swings, helowered hisvoice and said, "I know whatyou are."
"What do youmean?"
"You're...you're a witch,"whispered Snape.
She looked affronted.
"That's not a very nice thing to say to somebody!"
She turned, nose in the air, and marched off toward her sister.
"No!" said Snape. He was highly colored now, and Harry wondered whyhe did
not take off the ridiculouslylarge coat, unless itwas because he did not want to reveal the
smock beneathit. He flapped after the girls, lookingludicrously batlike, like his older self.

The sisters considered him, united in disapproval, both holding on to one of the
swing poles, as thoughit was the safe place in tag.
"You are," said Snape to Lily. "You are a witch. I've been watchingyoufor a
while. But there's nothing wrong with that. My mum's one, and I'm a wizard."
Petunia's laugh was like cold water.
"Wizard!" she shrieked, her courage returned now that she had recovered from
the shock of hisunexpected appearance. "I know who you are. You're that Snape boy!
Theylive down Spinner's End by the river," she told Lily, and it was evidentfromher
tone that she considered the address a poor recommendation. "Whyhave you been
spying
on us?"
"Haven't been spying," said Snape, hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the
bright sunlight. "Wouldn't spy on you, anyway,"he added spitefully, "you're a Muggle."
Though Petunia evidently did not understand the word, she could hardlymistake
the tone.
"Lily, come on, we're leaving!"she said shrilly. Lily obeyed her sister at once,
glaring at Snape as sheleft. He stood watching them as theymarched through the
playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to observe him, recognized Snape's bitter
disappointment, and understood that Snape had been planning this momentfor a while,
and thatithad allgone wrong...
The scene dissolved, and before Harry knew it, re-formed around him. He was
now in a smallthicket of trees. He could see a sunlitriver glittering through their trunks.
The shadows cast by the trees made a basin of coolgreen shade. Two children satfacing
each other, cross-legged on the ground. Snape had removed his coat now; his odd smock
looked less pecular in the halflight.
"...and the Ministry can punishyouifyou do magic outside school, you get
letters."
"But I have done magic outside school!"
"We're allright. We haven't got wands yet. Theylet you offwhen you're a kid
and you can'thelp it. But once you're eleven,"he nodded importantly, "and they start
trainingyou, then you've got to go careful."
There was a little silence. Lilyhad picked up a fallen twig and twirled itin the air,
and Harry knew that she was imagining sparks trailingfromit. Then she dropped the twig,
leaned in toward the boy, and said, "It is real, isn'tit? It's not a joke? Petunia says you're
lying to me. Petunia says there isn't a Hogwarts. It is real, isn'tit?"
"It's realfor us," said Snape. "Not for her. But we'llget theletter, you and me."

"Really?"whispered Lily.
"Definitely," said Snape, and even with his poorly cuthair and his odd clothes, he
struck an oddlyimpressivefigure sprawled infront of her, brimfulof confidence inhis
destiny.
"And willit really come by owl?"Lilywhispered.
"Normally,"said Snape. "Butyou're Muggle-born, so someonefrom the school
willhave to come and explain to your parents."
"Does itmake a difference, being Muggle-born?"
Snape hesitated. His black eyes, eager in the greenishgloom, moved over the pale
face, the dark red hair.
"No,"he said. "It doesn'tmake any difference."
"Good," said Lily, relaxing. It was clear that she had been worrying.
"You've gotloads ofmagic," said Snape. "I saw that. Allthe time I was watching
you..."
His voice trailed away; she was notlistening, buthad stretched out on theleafy
ground and was lookingup at the canopy ofleaves overhead. He watched her as greedily
as he had watched her in the playground.
"How are things at your house?" Lily asked.
A little crease appeared between his eyes.
"Fine,"he said.
"They're not arguing anymore?"
"Oh yes, they're arguing,"said Snape. He picked up a fistful ofleaves and began
tearing them apart, apparentlyunaware of what he was doing. "Butit won't be thatlong
and I'll be gone."
"Doesn'tyour dad likemagic?"
"He doesn'tlike anything, much," said Snape.
"Severus?"
A little smile twisted Snape's mouth when she said his name.
"Yeah?"
"Tellme about the dementors again."
"What d'you want to know about themfor?"
"If I usemagic outside school ­ "
"They wouldn't give you to the dementors for that! Dementors are for people who
do really bad stuff. They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban. You're not going to end up
inAzkaban, you're too ­ "
He turned red again and shredded moreleaves. Then a smallrustlingnoise behind

Harrymade himturn: Petunia, hiding behind a tree, had lost her footing.
"Tuney!" said Lily, surprise and welcome inher voice, but Snape had jumped to
hisfeet.
"Who's spyingnow?"he shouted. "What d'you want?"
Petunia was breathless, alarmed at being caught. Harry could see her struggling
for somethinghurtfulto say.
"Whatis thatyou're wearing, anyway?" she said, pointing at Snape's chest.
"Your mum's blouse?"
There was a crack. A branch over Petunia's head had fallen. Lily screamed. The
branch caught Petunia on the shoulder, and she staggered backward and burstinto tears.
"Tuney!"
But Petunia was running away. Lily rounded on Snape.
"Did youmake that happen?"
"No." He looked both defiant and scared.
"You did!" She was backing away fromhim."You did! You hurt her!"
"No ­ no, I didn't!"
But thelie did not convince Lily. After onelast burninglook, she ranfrom the
little thicket, off after her sister, and Snape looked miserable and confused...
And the scene re-formed. Harrylooked around. He was on platformnine and
three quarters, and Snape stood beside him, slightlyhunched, next to a thin, sallow-faced,
sour-looking woman who greatly resembled him. Snape was staring at a family offour a
short distance away. The two girls stood a little apartfrom their parents. Lily seemed to
be pleading withher sister. Harry moved closer to listen.
"...I'm sorry, Tuney, I'm sorry! Listen ­ " She caughther sister's hand and held
tight to it, even though Petunia tried to pullit away. "Maybe once I'mthere ­ no, listen,
Tuney! Maybe once I'm there, I'll be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade
himto change his mind!"
"I don't ­ want ­ to ­ go!" said Petunia, and she dragged her hand back out of her
sister's grasp. "You think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a ­ a..."
Her pale eyes roved over the platform, over the cats mewlingin their owners'
arms, over the owls, fluttering and hooting at each other in cages, over the students, some
alreadyin theirlong black robes, loadingtrunks onto the scarlet steam engine or else
greeting one another withglad cries after a summer apart.
" ­ you think I want to be a ­ a freak?"
Lily's eyes filled with tears as Petunia succeeded in tuggingher hand away.
"I'mnot afreak," said Lily. "That's a horrible thing to say."

"That's where you're going," said Petuniawith relish. "A special schoolfor
freaks. You and that Snape boy...weirdos, that's whatyou two are. It's good you're
being separated fromnormal people. It's for our safety."
Lilyglanced toward her parents, who were looking around the platformwith an
air of wholehearted enjoyment, drinkingin the scene. Then shelooked back at her sister,
and her voice was low and fierce.
"You didn't think itwas such a freak's schoolwhen you wrote to the headmaster
and begged himto take you."
Petunia turned scarlet.
"Beg? I didn't beg!"
"I saw his reply. It was very kind."
"You shouldn't have read ­ " whispered Petunia, "that was my private ­ how
could you ­ ?"
Lilygave herself away by half-glancing toward where Snape stood nearby.
Petuniagasped.
"That boy found it! You and that boy have been sneakinginmy room!"
"No ­ not sneaking ­ " Now Lilywas on the defensive. "Severus saw the
envelope, and he couldn't believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwarts, that's all!
He says theremust be wizards working undercover in the postal service who take care of
­ "
"Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere!" said Petunia, now as pale
as she had been flushed. "Freak!" she spat at her sister, and sheflounced off to where her
parents stood...
The scene dissolved again. Snape was hurrying along the corridor of the
Hogwarts Express as it clattered throughthe countryside. He had already changed into his
school robes, had perhaps taken thefirst opportunity to take offhis dreadfulMuggle
clothes. Atlast he stopped, outside a compartmentin which a group of rowdy boys were
talking. Hunched in a corner seat beside the window was Lily, her face pressed against
the windowpane.
Snape slid open the compartment door and sat down opposite Lily. She glanced at
himand thenlooked back out of the window. She had been crying.
"I don't want to talk to you," she said in a constricted voice.
"Whynot?"
"Tuney h-hates me. Because we saw thatletter fromDumbledore."
"So what?"
She threw him alook of deep dislike.

"So she's my sister!"
"She's only a ­ "He caughthimself quickly;Lily, too busy trying to wipe her
eyes without beingnoticed, did not hear him.
"But we're going!"he said, unable to suppress the exhilarationinhis voice. "This
isit! We're off to Hogwarts!"
She nodded, moppingher eyes, butin spite of herself, she half smiled.
"You'd better be in Slytherin," said Snape, encouraged that she had brightened a
little.
"Slytherin?"
One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had shown no interest at allin Lily
or Snape untilthat point, looked around at the word, and Harry, whose attention had
been
focused entirely on the two beside the window, saw his father: slight, black-haired like
Snape, but with thatindefinable air of having been well-cared-for, even adored, that
Snape so conspicuouslylacked.
"Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" James asked the
boy lounging on the seats opposite him, and with a jolt, Harry realized thatitwas Sirius.
Sirius did not smile.
"My wholefamilyhave been in Slytherin,"he said.
"Blimey," said James, "and I thoughtyou seemed allright!"
Sirius grinned.
"Maybe I'll break the tradition. Where are you heading, ifyou've got the choice?"
James lifted aninvisible sword.
"`Gryffindor, where dwellthe brave at heart!' Likemy dad."
Snape made a small, disparagingnoise. James turned on him.
"Got a problemwith that?"
"No," said Snape, thoughhis slight sneer said otherwise. "Ifyou'd rather be
brawny than brainy ­ "
"Where're youhoping to go, seeing as you're neither?"interjected Sirius.
James roared withlaughter. Lily sat up, rather flushed, and looked from James to
Sirius in dislike.
"Come on, Severus, let's find another compartment."
"Oooooo..."
James and Siriusimitated her loftyvoice; James tried to trip Snape as he passed.
"See ya, Snivellus!" a voice called, as the compartment door slammed...
And the scene dissolved once more...

Harry was standing right behind Snape as theyfaced the candlelitHouse tables,
lined with rapt faces. Then Professor McGonagallsaid, "Evans, Lily!"
He watched his mother walk forward on tremblinglegs and sit down upon the
rickety stool. Professor McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat onto her head, and barely a
second after ithad touched the dark red hair, the hat cried, "Gryffindor!"
Harry heard Snape let out a tinygroan. Lily took off the hat, handed it back to
Professor McGonagall, then hurried toward the cheering Gryffindors, but as she went she
glanced back at Snape, and there was a sad little smile on her face. Harry saw Sirius
move up the bench to make roomfor her. She took onelook at him, seemed to recognize
himfromthe train, folded her arms, and firmlyturned her back on him.
The roll call continued. Harry watched Lupin, Pettigrew, and hisfather join Lily
and Sirius at the Gryffindor table. Atlast, when only a dozen students remained to be
sorted, Professor McGonagall called Snape.
Harry walked withhimto the stool, watched him place the hat upon his head.
"Slytherin!" cried the Sorting Hat.
And Severus Snape moved off to the other side of the Hall, away fromLily, to
where the Slytherins were cheeringhim, to where Lucius Malfoy, a prefect badge
gleamingupon his chest, patted Snape on the back as he sat down beside him...
And the scene changed...
Lily and Snape were walking across the castle courtyard, evidently arguing. Harry
hurried to catch up with them, to listenin. As he reached them, he realized how much
taller they both were. A few years seemed to have passed since their Sorting.
"...thought we were supposed to be friends?" Snape was saying, "Bestfriends?"
"We are, Sev, but I don'tlike some of the people you're hanging round with! I'm
sorry, but I detest Avery and Mulciber! Mulciber! What do you see inhim, Sev, he's
creepy! D'you know what he tried to do to Mary Macdonald the other day?"
Lilyhad reached a pillar and leaned againstit, lookingup into the thin, sallow
face.
"That was nothing," said Snape. "It was a laugh, that's all ­ "
"It was Dark Magic, and ifyou think that's funny ­ "
"What about the stuff Potter and his mates get up to?" demanded Snape. His color
rose again as he said it, unable, it seemed, to hold inhis resentment.
"What's Potter got to do with anything?" said Lily.
"They sneak out at night. There's somethingweird about that Lupin. Where does
he keep going?"
"He's ill," said Lily. "They say he's ill­ "

"Every month at thefullmoon?" said Snape.
"I know your theory," said Lily, and she sounded cold. "Why are you so obsessed
with them anyway? Why do you care what they're doing at night?"
"I'mjust trying to show you they're not as wonderfulas everyone seems to think
they are."
Theintensity of his gazemade her blush.
"They don'tuse Dark Magic, though." She dropped her voice. "And you're being
reallyungrateful. I heard whathappened the other night. You went sneaking down that
tunnel by the Whomping Willow, and James Potter saved youfromwhatever's down
there ­ "
Snape's wholeface contorted and he spluttered, "Saved? Saved? You think he
was playing the hero? He was savinghis neck and his friends' too! You're not going to ­
I won'tlet you ­ "
"Let me? Let me?"
Lily's brightgreen eyes were slits. Snape backtracked at once.
"I didn'tm ean ­ I just don't want to see you made a fool of ­ He fancies you,
James Potter fancies you!"The words seemed wrenched fromhimagainst his will."And
he's not...everyone thinks...big Quidditchhero ­ " Snape's bitterness and dislike were
renderinghimincoherent, and Lily's eyebrows were travelingfarther and farther up her
forehead.
"I know James Potter's an arrogant toerag," she said, cutting across Snape. "I
don't need you to tellme that. But Mulciber's and Avery's idea ofhumor is just evil. Evil,
Sev. I don't understand how you can befriends with them."
Harry doubted that Snape had even heard her strictures on Mulciber and Avery.
Themoment she had insulted James Potter, his whole body had relaxed, and as they
walked away there was a new springin Snape's step...
And the scene dissolved...
Harry watched again as Snape left the Great Hall after sittinghis O.W.L. in
Defense Against the Dark Arts, watched as he wandered away fromthe castle and
strayed
inadvertently close to the place beneath the beech tree where James, Sirius, Lupin, and
Pettigrew sat together. But Harry kept his distance this time, because he knew what
happened after James had hoisted Severusinto the air and taunted him;he knew what had
been done and said, and itgave himno pleasure to hear it again... He watched as Lily
joined the group and went to Snape's defense. Distantlyhe heard Snape shout at her in
hishumiliation and his fury, the unforgivable word:"Mudblood."

The scene changed...
"I'm sorry."
"I'mnotinterested."
"I'm sorry!"
"Save your breath"
It was nighttime. Lily, who was wearing a dressinggown, stood withher arms
folded infront of the portrait of the Fat Lady, at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower.
"I only came out because Mary told meyou were threatening to sleep here."
"I was. I would have done. I never meant to callyou Mudblood, it just ­ "
"Slipped out?" There was no pityin Lily's voice. "It's too late. I'vemade excuses
for youfor years. None of myfriends canunderstand why I even talk to you. You and
your precious little Death Eater friends ­ you see, you don't even denyit! You don't even
deny that's what you're all aiming to be! You can't wait to join You-Know-Who, can
you?"
He opened his mouth, but closed it without speaking.
"I can't pretend anymore. You've chosen your way, I've chosen mine."
"No ­ listen, I didn'tmean ­ "
" ­ to callme Mudblood? Butyou call everyone ofmy birth Mudblood, Severus.
Why should I be any different?"
He struggled on the verge of speech, but with a contemptuous look she turned and
climbed back through the portraithole...
The corridor dissolved, and the scene took a littlelonger to reform:Harry seemed
to fly through shifting shapes and colors untilhis surroundings solidified again and he
stood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in the darkness, the wind whistling through the
branches of a few leafless trees. The adult Snape was panting, turning on the spot, his
wand gripped tightlyinhis hand, waitingfor something or for someone... His fear
infected Harry too, even thoughhe knew that he could not be harmed, and helooked
over
his shoulder, wondering whatit was that Snape was waitingfor ­
Then a blinding, jagged jet of whitelightflew through the air. Harry thought of
lightning, but Snape had dropped to his knees and his wand had flown out ofhis hand.
"Don't killme!"
"That was notmyintention."
Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the sound of the
wind in the branches. He stood before Snape withhis robes whipping around him, and his
face was illuminated from below in thelight cast by his wand.

"Well, Severus? What message does Lord Voldemort havefor me?"
"No ­ no message ­ I'mhere on my own account!"
Snape was wringinghis hands. Helooked a littlemad, withhis straggling black
hairflying around him.
"I ­ I come with a warning ­ no, a request ­ please ­ "
Dumbledore flicked his wand. Thoughleaves and branches stillflew through the
night air around them, silence fell on the spot where he and Snape faced each other.
"What request could a Death Eater make ofme?"
"The ­ the prophecy...the prediction...Trelawney..."
"Ah, yes," said Dumbledore. "How much did you relay to Lord Voldemort?"
"Everything ­ everything I heard!" said Snape. "Thatis why ­ itisfor that reason
­ he thinks itmeans LilyEvans!"
"The prophecy did not refer to a woman," said Dumbledore. "It spoke of a boy
born at the end of July ­ "
"You know what I mean! He thinks itmeans her son, heis going to hunther down
­ killthem all ­ "
"If shemeans so much to you," said Dumbledore, "surely Lord Voldemort will
spare her? Could younot ask for mercy for themother, in exchangefor the son?"
"I have ­ I have asked him ­ "
"You disgustme," said Dumbledore, and Harry had never heard so much
contemptinhis voice. Snape seemed to shrink alittle, "You do not care, then, about the
deaths of her husband and child? They can die, as long as you have what you want?"
Snape said nothing, butmerelylooked up at Dumbledore.
"Hide them all, then,"he croaked. "Keep her ­ them ­ safe. Please."
"And what willyou givemein return, Severus?"
"In ­ in return?" Snape gaped at Dumbledore, and Harry expected himto protest,
but after a longmomenthe said, "Anything."
The hilltop faded, and Harry stood in Dumbledore's office, and something was
making a terrible sound, like a wounded animal. Snape was slumped forward in a chair
and Dumbledore was standing over him,lookinggrim. After a moment or two, Snape
raised his face, and helooked like aman who had lived a hundred years ofmisery since
leaving the wild hilltop.
"I thought...you were going...to keep her...safe..."
"She and James put their faithin the wrong person," said Dumbledore. "Rather
like you, Severus. Weren't you hoping that Lord Voldemort would spare her?"
Snape's breathing was shallow.

"Her boy survives," said Dumbledore.
With a tiny jerk of the head, Snape seemed to flick off anirksomefly.
"Her son lives. He has her eyes, preciselyher eyes. You remember the shape and
color of LilyEvans's eyes, I am sure?"
"DON'T!" bellowed Snape. "Gone...dead..."
"Is this remorse, Severus?"
"I wish...I wish I were dead..."
"And what use would that be to anyone?" said Dumbledore coldly. "Ifyouloved
Lily Evans, ifyou trulyloved her, thenyour wayforward is clear."
Snape seemed to peer through a haze of pain, and Dumbledore's words appeared
to take a long time to reach him.
"What ­ what do you mean?"
"You know how and why she died. Make sure it was notinvain. Help me protect
Lily's son."
"He does not need protection. The Dark Lord has gone ­ "
"The Dark Lord willreturn, and Harry Potter willbe in terrible danger when he
does."
There was a long pause, and slowly Snape regained control of himself, mastered
his own breathing. Atlast he said, "Very well. Very well. Butnever ­ never tell,
Dumbledore! This must be between us! Swear it! I cannot bear...especially Potter's
son...I want your word!"
"My word, Severus, that I shallnever reveal the best of you?"Dumbledore sighed,
looking downinto Snape's ferocious, anguished face. "Ifyou insist..."
The office dissolved but re-formed instantly. Snape was pacingup and downin
front of Dumbledore.
" ­ mediocre, arrogant as his father, a determined rule-breaker, delighted to find
himselffamous, attention-seeking and impertinent ­ "
"You see what you expect to see, Severus," said Dumbledore, without raisinghis
eyes from a copy of Transfiguration Today. "Other teachers report that the boyis
modest,
likable, and reasonably talented. Personally, I find him an engaging child."
Dumbledore turned a page, and said, withoutlookingup, "Keep an eye on
Quirrell, won'tyou?"
A whirl of color, and now everything darkened, and Snape and Dumbledore stood
a little apartin the entrance hall, while the last stragglers from the Yule Ball passed them
on their way to bed.

"Well?"murmured Dumbledore.
"Karkaroff's Mark is becoming darker too. Heis panicking, hefears retribution;
you know how much help he gave the Ministry after the Dark Lord fell." Snape looked
sideways at Dumbledore's crooked-nosed profile. "Karkaroffintends to fleeif the Mark
burns."
"Does he?" said Dumbledore softly, as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies came
gigglinginfromthe grounds. "And are you tempted to joinhim?"
"No," said Snape, his black eyes on Fleur's and Roger's retreatingfigures. "I am
not such a coward."
"No," agreed Dumbledore. "You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff.
You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon..."
He walked away, leaving Snapelooking stricken...
And now Harry stood in the headmaster's office yet again. It was nighttime, and
Dumbledore sagged sideways in the thronelike chair behind the desk, apparently
semiconscious. His righthand dangled over the side, blackened and burned. Snape was
mutteringincantations, pointinghis wand at the wrist of the hand, while withhis left
hand he tipped a gobletfull of thick golden potion down Dumbledore's throat. After a
moment or two, Dumbledore's eyelids fluttered and opened.
"Why," said Snape, without preamble, "why did you put on that ring? It carries a
curse, surelyyou realized that. Why even touchit?"
Marvolo Gaunt's ringlay on the desk before Dumbledore. It was cracked; the
sword of Gryffindor lay besideit.
Dumbledore grimaced.
"I...was a fool. Sorely tempted..."
"Tempted by what?"
Dumbledore did not answer.
"Itis a miracle you managed to return here!" Snape sounded furious. "That ring
carried a curse of extraordinary power, to containitis allwe can hope for; I have trapped
the curse in one hand for the time being ­ "
Dumbledore raised his blackened, useless hand, and examined it with the
expression of one being shown aninteresting curio.
"You have done very well, Severus. How long do you think I have?"
Dumbledore's tone was conversational;he mighthave been askingfor a weather
forecast. Snape hesitated, and then said, "I cannot tell. Maybe a year. Thereis no halting
such a spellforever. It willspread eventually,itis the sort of curse that strengthens over
time."

Dumbledore smiled. The news that he had less than a year to live seemed a matter
oflittle or no concern to him.
"I amfortunate, extremelyfortunate, that I have you, Severus."
"Ifyou had only summoned me alittle earlier, I mighthave been able to do more,
buyyoumore time!" said Snape furiously. He looked down at the broken ring and the
sword. "Did you think that breaking the ring would break the curse?"
"Somethinglike that...I was delirious, no doubt..." said Dumbledore. With an
effort he straightened himselfinhis chair. "Well, really, thismakes matters much more
straightforward."
Snape looked utterly perplexed. Dumbledore smiled.
"I refer to the plan Lord Voldemortis revolving around me. His plan to have the
poor Malfoy boy murder me."
Snape sat downin the chair Harry had so often occupied, across the desk from
Dumbledore. Harry could tellthathe wanted to saymore on the subject of Dumbledore's
cursed hand, but the other held itup in polite refusal to discuss thematter further.
Scowling, Snape said, "The Dark Lord does not expect Draco to succeed. This ismerely
punishmentfor Lucius's recentfailures. Slow torture for Draco's parents, while they
watch himfailand pay the price."
"In short, the boy has had a death sentence pronounced upon him as surely as I
have," said Dumbledore. "Now, I should have thought the natural successor to the job,
once Draco fails, is yourself?"
There was a short pause.
"That, I think, is the Dark Lord's plan."
"Lord Voldemortforesees a momentin the near future when he willnot need a
spy at Hogwarts?"
"He believes the schoolwillsoon bein hisgrasp, yes."
"And ifit does fallinto his grasp," said Dumbledore, almost, it seemed, as an
aside, "I have your word that you willdo allinyour power to protect the students at
Hogwarts?"
Snape gave a stiffnod.
"Good. Now then. Your first priority willbe to discover what Draco is up to. A
frightened teenage boy is a danger to others as well as to himself. Offer himhelp and
guidance, he ought to accept, helikes you ­ "
" ­ muchless since hisfather has lostfavor. Draco blames me, he thinks I have
usurped Lucius's position."
"Allthe same, try. I am concerned less for myself thanfor accidentalvictims of

whatever schemes might occur to the boy. Ultimately, of course, there is only one thing
to be doneif we are to save himfromLord Voldemort's wrath."
Snape raised his eyebrows and his tone was sardonic as he asked, "Are you
intending to let himkillyou?"
"Certainlynot. You must killme."
There was a long silence, broken only by an odd clickingnoise. Fawkes the
phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone.
"Would youlike me to do itnow?" asked Snape, his voice heavy withirony. "Or
would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?"
"Oh, not quite yet," said Dumbledore, smiling. "I daresay themoment willpresent
itselfin due course. Given what has happened tonight,"heindicated his withered hand,
"we can be sure thatit willhappen withina year."
"Ifyou don'tmind dying," said Snape roughly, "whynotlet Draco do it?"
"That boy's soulis not yet so damaged," said Dumbledore. "I would nothaveit
ripped apart on my account."
"And my soul, Dumbledore? Mine?"
"You alone know whether itwillharmyour soulto help an old man avoid pain
and humiliation," said Dumbledore. "I ask this one great favor of you, Severus, because
death is comingfor me as surely as the Chudley Cannons willfinish bottom of thisyear's
league. I confess I should prefer a quick, painless exit to the protracted and messy affairit
willbe if,for instance, Greyback is involved ­ I hear Voldemorthas recruited him? Or
dear Bellatrix, who likes to play withherfood before she eats it."
His tone was light, but his blue eyes pierced Snape as they had frequently pierced
Harry, as though the soulthey discussed was visible to him. Atlast Snape gave another
curt nod.
Dumbledore seemed satisfied.
"Thank you, Severus..."
The office disappeared, and now Snape and Dumbledore were strolling together
inthe deserted castle grounds by twilight.
"What are you doing with Potter, allthese evenings you are closeted together?"
Snape asked abruptly.
Dumbledore looked weary.
"Why? You aren't trying to givehim more detentions, Severus? The boy will
soon have spentmore timein detention than out."
"Heis hisfather over again ­ "
"Inlooks, perhaps, buthis deepest nature is much more like his mother's. I spend

time with Harry because I have things to discuss withhim,information I mustgive him
before itis too late."
"Information," repeated Snape. "You trust him...you do not trustme."
"Itis not a question of trust. I have, as we both know, limited time. Itis essential
that I give the boy enoughinformationfor himto do what he needs to do."
"And whymay I not have the sameinformation?"
"I prefer not to put all ofmy secrets in one basket, particularlynot a basket that
spends so much time dangling on the armof Lord Voldemort."
"Which I do on your orders!"
"And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I underestimate the constant
danger in whichyou place yourself, Severus. To give Voldemort what appears to be
valuableinformation whilewithholding the essentialsis a job I would entrust to nobody
but you."
"Yet you confidemuchmore in a boy who is incapable of Occlumency, whose
magicismediocre, and who has a direct connectioninto the Dark Lord's mind!"
"Voldemortfears that connection," said Dumbledore. "Not so long ago he had
one smalltaste of what truly sharing Harry's mind means to him. It was pain such as he
has never experienced. He willnot try to possess Harry again, I am sure ofit. Notin that
way."
"I don't understand."
"Lord Voldemort's soul, maimed as itis, cannot bear close contact with a soul
like Harry's. Like a tongue onfrozen steel, likefleshinflame ­ "
"Souls? We were talking of minds!"
"In the case of Harry and Lord Voldemort, to speak of oneis to speak of the
other."
Dumbledore glanced around to make sure that they were alone. They were close
by the Forbidden Forest now, but there was no sign of anyone near them.
"After you have killed me, Severus ­ "
"You refuse to tellme everything, yetyou expect that smallservice ofme!"
snarled Snape, and real anger flared in the thinface now. "You take a great dealfor
granted, Dumbledore! Perhaps I have changed mymind!"
"You gaveme your word, Severus. And while we are talking about services you
owe me, I thoughtyou agreed to keep a close eye on our young Slytherinfriend?"
Snape looked angry, mutinous. Dumbledore sighed.
"Come to my office tonight, Severus, at eleven, and you shallnot complain that I
have no confidence inyou..."

They were back in Dumbledore's office, the windows dark, and Fawkes sat silent
as Snape sat quite still, as Dumbledore walked around him, talking.
"Harry must not know, not untilthelast moment, not untilitis necessary,
otherwise how could he have the strength to do whatmust be done?"
"But whatmust he do?"
"Thatis between Harry and me. Now listen closely, Severus. There will come a
time ­ after my death ­ do not argue, do notinterrupt! There willcome a time when Lord
Voldemort willseem to fear for thelife ofhis snake."
"For Nagini?" Snape looked astonished.
"Precisely. If there comes a time when Lord Voldemort stops sending that snake
forth to do his bidding, but keeps it safe beside himunder magical protection, then, I
think, it willbe safe to tellHarry."
"Tellhimwhat?"
Dumbledore took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
"Tellhimthat on the night Lord Voldemort tried to killhim, when Lily cast her
ownlife between them as a shield, the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord Voldemort,
and a fragment of Voldemort's soulwas blasted apart from the whole, and latched itself
onto the onlyliving soulleftin that collapsed building. Part of Lord Voldemortlives
inside Harry, and itis that which gives himthe power of speech with snakes, and a
connection with Lord Voldemort's mind thathe has never understood. And whilethat
fragment of soul, unmissed by Voldemort, remains attached to and protected by Harry,
Lord Voldemort cannot die."
Harry seemed to be watching the two men from one end of along tunnel, they
were so far away fromhim, their voices echoing strangelyinhis ears.
"So the boy...the boy must die?" asked Snape quite calmly.
"And Voldemort himselfmust do it, Severus. Thatis essential."
Another long silence. Then Snape said, "I thought...allthose years...that we were
protectinghimfor her. For Lily."
"We have protected him because ithas been essentialto teach him, to raise him,
to let himtry his strength," said Dumbledore, his eyes stilltight shut. "Meanwhile, the
connection between themgrows ever stronger, a parasitic growth. Sometimes I have
thoughthe suspects ithimself. If I know him, he willhave arranged matters so that when
he does set out to meet his death, it willtrulymean the end of Voldemort."
Dumbledore opened his eyes. Snape looked horrified.
"You have kept himalive so that he can die at the rightmoment?"
"Don't be shocked, Severus. How manymen and women have you watched die?"

"Lately, only those whom I could not save," said Snape. He stood up. "You have
used me."
"Meaning?"
"I have spied for you and lied for you, putmyselfinmortal danger for you.
Everything was supposed to be to keep Lily Potter's son safe. Now you tellme youhave
been raisinghimlike a pigfor slaughter ­ "
"But thisis touching, Severus," said Dumbledore seriously. "Have you grown to
care for the boy, after all?"
"For him?" shouted Snape. "Expecto Patronum!"
From the tip ofhis wand burst the silver doe. Shelanded on the officefloor,
bounded once across the office, and soared out of the window. Dumbledore watched her
fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were fullof
tears.
"After allthis time?"
"Always," said Snape.
And the scene shifted. Now, Harry saw Snape talking to the portrait of
Dumbledore behind his desk.
"You willhave to give Voldemort the correct date of Harry's departure fromhis
aunt and uncle's," said Dumbledore. "Not to do so willraise suspicion, when Voldemort
believes you so wellinformed. However, you must plant theidea of decoys; that, I think,
ought to ensure Harry's safety. Try Confunding Mundungus Fletcher. And Severus, if
you are forced to take part in the chase, be sure to act your part convincingly...I am
countingupon you to remainin Lord Voldemort's good books as long as possible, or
Hogwarts willbe left to themercy of the Carrows..."
Now Snape was head to head with Mundungusin an unfamiliar tavern,
Mundungus's face looking curiously blank, Snape frowningin concentration.
"You willsuggest to the Order of the Phoenix," Snape murmured, "that theyuse
decoys. Polyjuice Potion. Identical Potters. It's the only thing thatmightwork. You will
forget that I have suggested this. You willpresentit as your ownidea. You understand?"
"I understand,"murmured Mundungus, his eyes unfocused...
Now Harry was flying alongside Snape on a broomstick through a clear dark
night:He was accompanied by other hodded Death Eaters, and ahead were Lupin and a
Harry who was really George... A Death Eater moved ahead of Snape and raised his
wand, pointingit directly at Lupin's back.
"Sectumsempra!" shouted Snape.
But the spell,intended for the Death Eater's wand hand, missed and hit George

instead ­
And next, Snape was kneelingin Sirius's old bedroom. Tears were drippingfrom
the end of his hooked nose as he read the old letter from Lily. The second page carried
only a few words:


could ever have been friends with Gellert Grindelwald. I think her mind's going,
personally!

Lots of love,
Lily

Snape took the page bearing Lily's signature, and her love, and tucked itinside
his robes. Then he ripped in two the photograph he was also holding, so that he kept the
part fromwhich Lilylaughed, throwing the portion showing James and Harry back onto
thefloor, under the chest of drawers...
And now Snape stood againin the headmaster's study as Phineas Nigellus came
hurryinginto his portrait.
"Headmaster! They are campingin the Forest of Dean! The Mudblood ­ "
"Do not use that word!"
" ­ the Granger girl, then, mentioned the place as she opened her bag and I heard
her!"
"Good. Very good!" cried the portrait ofDumbledore behind the headmaster's
chair. "Now, Severus, the sword! Do notforget thatitmust be taken under conditions of
need and valor ­ and hemustnot know thatyou giveit! If Voldemort should read
Harry's mind and see you actingfor him­ "
"I know," said Snape curtly. He approached the portrait of Dumbledore and
pulled atits side. It swungforward, revealing a hidden cavity behind itfromwhichhe
took the sword of Gryffindor.
"And you stillaren'tgoing to tellme whyit's so important to give Potter the
sword?" said Snape as he swung a traveling cloak over his robes.
"No, I don't think so," said Dumbledore's portrait. "He willknow what to do with
it. And Severus, be very careful, they maynot take kindly to your appearance after
George Weasley's mishap ­ "
Snape turned at the door.
"Don't worry, Dumbledore,"he said coolly. "I have a plan..."

And Snape left the room. Harry rose up out of the Pensieve, and moments later he
lay on the carpeted floor in exactly the same rooms Snape might just have closed the
door.


Chapter Thirty-Four
The Forest Again

Finally, the truth. Lying withhisface pressed into the dusty carpet of the office
where he had once thoughthe was learning the secrets of victory, Harry understood at
last thathe was not supposed to survive. His job was to walk calmlyinto Death's
welcoming arms. Along the way, he was to dispose of Voldemort's remaininglinks to
life, so that when atlast heflunghimselfacross Voldemort's path, and did not raise a
wand to defend himself, the end would be clean, and the job that ought to have been done
inGodric's Hollow would be finished. Neither would live, neither could survive.
Hefelthisheart poundingfiercelyinhis chest. How strange thatinhis dread of
death, it pumped allthe harder, valiantlykeepinghim alive. Butitwould have to stop,
and soon. Its beats were numbered. How many would there be timefor, as he rose and
walked through the castlefor thelast time, outinto the grounds and into theforest?
Terror washed over himas helay on the floor, with thatfuneral drum pounding
inside him. Would ithurt to die? Allthose times he had thought thatit was about to
happen and escaped, he had never reallythought of the thingitself:His willto live had
always been so much stronger than his fear of death. Yetit did not occur to himnow to
try to escape, to outrun Voldemort. It was over, he knew it, and allthat was left was the
thingitself:dying.
If he could onlyhave died on that summer's night when he had leftnumber four,
Privet Drive, for thelast time, when the noble phoenixfeather wand had saved him! Ifhe
could onlyhave died like Hedwig, so quicklyhe would not have knownithad happened!
Or ifhe could havelaunched himselfinfront of a wand to save someone heloved . . . He
envied even his parents' deaths now. This cold-blooded walk to his own destruction
would require a different kind of bravery. He felthis fingers trembling slightly and made
an effort to control them, althoughno one could see him; the portraits on the walls were
all empty.
Slowly, very slowly, he sat up, and as he did so hefeltmore alive and more aware
of his ownliving body than ever before. Why had he never appreciated what a miracle he
was, brain and nerve and boundingheart? It would all be gone . . . or at least, he would

be
gonefromit. His breath came slow and deep, and his mouth and throat were completely
dry, but so were his eyes.
Dumbledore's betrayalwas almost nothing. Of course there had been a bigger
plan:Harry had simply been too foolish to see it, he realized that now. He had never
questioned his own assumption that Dumbledore wanted himalive. Now he saw that his
life span had always been determined byhow longit took to eliminate allthe Horcruxes.
Dumbledore had passed the job of destroying themto him, and obedientlyhehad
continued to chip away at the bonds tyingnot only Voldemort, but himself, to life! How
neat, how elegant, not to waste anymore lives, but to give the dangerous task to the boy
who had already been marked for slaughter, and whose death would not be a calamity,
but another blow against Voldemort.
And Dumbledore had known that Harry would not duck out, that he would keep
going to the end, even thoughit was his end, because he had taken trouble to get to know
him, hadn't he? Dumbledore knew, as Voldemort knew, that Harry would notlet anyone
else diefor himnow that he had discovered it was inhis power to stop it. Theimages of
Fred, Lupin, and Tonks lying dead in the Great Hallforced their way back into his mind's
eye, and for amomenthe could hardly breathe. Death was impatient . . .
But Dumbledore had overestimated him. He had failed:The snake survived. One
Horcrux remained to bind Voldemort to the earth, even after Harry had been killed. True,
that would mean an easier job for somebody. He wondered who would do it . . . Ron and
Hermione would know what needed to be done, of course . . . That would have been
why
Dumbledore wanted himto confidein two others . . . so thatifhefulfilled his true destiny
a little early, they could carry on . . .
Like rain on a cold window, these thoughts pattered against the hard surface of
theincontrovertible truth, which was thathe must die. I must die. Itmust end.
Ron and Hermione seemed along way away, in a far-off country; hefelt as
thoughhehad parted from themlong ago. There would be no good-byes and no
explanations, he was determined of that. This was a journey they could not take together,
and the attempts they would make to stop himwould waste valuable time. Helooked
down at the battered gold watch he had received on his seventeenth birthday. Nearlyhalf
of the hour allotted by Voldemortfor his surrender had elapsed.
He stood up. His heart was leaping against his ribs like a frantic bird. Perhaps it
knew ithad little timeleft, perhaps it was determined to fulfillalifetime's beats before
the end. He did notlook back as he closed the office door.

The castle was empty. Hefeltghostly striding throughit alone, as ifhe had
already died. The portrait people were stillmissingfrom their frames; the whole place
was eerily still, as if allits remaininglifeblood were concentrated in the Great Hallwhere
the dead and themourners were crammed.
Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak over himself and descended through thefloors,
atlast walking down themarble staircase into the entrance hall. Perhaps some tiny part of
himhoped to be sensed, to be seen, to be stopped, but the Cloak was, as ever,
impenetrable, perfect, and he reached the front doors easily.
Then Nevillenearly walked into him. He was one half of a pair that was carrying
a body infrom the grounds. Harry glanced down and felt another dull blow to his
stomach: Colon Creevey, thoughunderage, musthave sneaked back just as Malfoy,
Crabbe, and Goyle had done. He was tinyin death.
"You know what? I can manage him alone, Neville," said Oliver Wood, and he
heaved Colin over his shoulder in a fireman's lift and carried himinto the Great Hall.
Nevilleleaned against the door framefor a moment and wiped hisforehead with
the back of hishand. He looked like an old man. Then he set off on the steps againinto
the darkness to recover more bodies.
Harry took one glance back at the entrance of the Great Hall. People weremoving
around, trying to comfort each other, drinking, kneeling beside the dead, but he could not
see any of the people heloved, no hint ofHermione, Ron, Ginny, or any of the other
Weasleys, no Luna. He felthe would have given allthe time remaining to himfor just
onelastlook at them; but then, would he ever have the strength to stop looking? It was
better like this.
Hemoved down the steps and outinto the darkness. It was nearlyfour in the
morning, and the deathly stillness of the grounds felt as though they were holding their
breath, waiting to see whether he could do what hemust.
Harry moved toward Neville, who was bending over another body.
"Neville."
"Blimey, Harry, younearlygaveme heartfailure!"
Harry had pulled off the Cloak:Theidea had come to him out of nowhere, born
out of a desire to make absolutely sure.
"Where are yougoing, alone?" Neville asked suspiciously.
"It's allpart of the plan," said Harry. "There's someting I've got to do. Listen ---
Neville ---"
"Harry!" Nevillelooked suddenly scared. "Harry, you're not thinking of handing
yourself over?"

"No," Harrylied easily. "'Course not . . . thisis something else. But I might be
out of sightfor a while. You know Voldemort's snake. Neville? He's got a huge snake . .
.
Callsit Nagini. . ."
"I've heard, yeah . . . What aboutit?"
"It's got to be killed. Ron and Hermione know that, but justin case they ---"
The awfulness of that possibility smothered himfor amoment, made itimpossible
to keep talking. Buthe pulled himselftogether again:This was crucial, hemust be like
Dumbledore, keep a coolhead, make sure there were backups, others to carry on.
Dumbledore had died knowing that three people stillknew about the Horcruxes;now
Neville would take Harry's place:There would still be threein the secret.
"Justin case they're --- busy --- and youget the chance ---"
"Killthe snake?"
"Killthe snake," Harry repeated.
"Allright, Harry. You're okay, are you?"
"I'mfine. Thanks, Neville."
But Neville seized his wrist as Harrymade to move on.
"We're allgoing to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?"
"Yeah, I ---"
The suffocatingfeeling extinguished the end of the sentence; he could not go on.
Neville did not seem to find it strange. He patted Harry on the shoulder, released him,
and walked away to look for more bodies.
Harry swung the Cloak back over himself and walked on. Someone else was
movingnotfar away, stooping over another pronefigure on the ground. He was feet
away fromher when he realized it was Ginny.
He stopped inhis tracks. She was crouching over a girlwho was whisperingfor
her mother.
"It's allright," Ginny was saying. "It's ok. We're going to get youinside."
"But I want to go home," whispered thegirl. "I don't want to fight anymore!"
"I know," said Ginny, and her voice broke. "It's going to be allright."
Ripples of cold undulated over Harry's skin. He wanted to shout out to the night,
he wanted Ginny to know that he was there, he wanted her to know where he was going.
He wanted to be stopped, to be dragged back, to be sent back home. . . .
But he was home. Hogwards was thefirst and best home he had known. He and
Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had allfound home here. . . .
Ginny was kneeling beside theinjured girlnow, holdingher hand. With a huge

effort Harryforced himself on. He thoughthe saw Ginnylook around as he passed, and
wondered whether she had sensed someone walkingnearby, but he did not speak, and he
did notlook back.
Hagrid's hutloomed out of the darkness. There were no lights, no sound of Fang
scrabbling at the door, his bark boomingin welcome. Allthose visits to Hagrid, and the
gleam of the copper kettle on thefire, and rock cakes and giant grubs, and his great
bearded face, and Ron vomiting slugs, and Hermione helpinghimsave Norbert . . .
Hemoved on, and now he reached the edge of theforest, and he stopped.
A swarm of dementors was gliding amongst the trees; he could feeltheir chill,
and he was not sure he would be able to pass safely throughit. He had not strengthleft
for a Patronus. He could no longer controlhis own trembling. It was not, after all, so easy
to die. Every second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on hisface, was so
precious:To think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much timeit
dragged, and he was clinging to each second. At the same timehe thought that he would
not be able to go on, and knew thathe must. Thelonggame was ended, the Snitch had
been caught, it was time to leave the air. . . .
The Snitch. His nerveless fingers fumbled for amoment with the pouch at his
neck and he pulled it out.
I open at the close.
Breathingfast and hard, he stared down at it. Now that he wanted time to move as
slowly as possible, he seemed to have sped up, and understanding was coming so fastit
seemed to have bypassed though. This was the close. This was themoment.
He pressed the golden metalto hislips and whispered, "I am about to die."
Themetal shell broke open. He lowered his shakinghand, raised Draco's wand
beneath the Cloak, and murmured, "Lumos."
The black stone withis jagged crack running down the center satin the two
halves of the Snitch. The Resurrection Stone had cracked down the verticalline
representing the Elder Wand. The triangle and circle representing the Cloak and the stone
were stilldiscernible.
And again Harry understood withouthaving to think. It did notmatter about
bringing them back, for he was about to join them. He was not reallyfetching them:They
were fetchinghim.
He closed his eyes and turned the stone over inhis hand three times.
He knew ithad happened, because he heard slightmovements around himthat
suggested frail bodies shifting theirfooting on the earthy, twig-strewn ground that
marked the outer edge of theforest. He opened his eyes and looked around.

They were neither ghostnor trulyflesh, he could see that. They resembled most
closely the Riddle that had escaped fromthe diary so long ago, and he had been memory
made nearly solid. Less substantial thanliving bodies, butmuch more than ghosts, they
moved toward him. And on each face, there was the sameloving smile.
James was exactly the sameheight as Harry. He was wearing the clothes in which
he had died, and his hair was untidy and ruffled, and hisglasses were alittlelopsided,
like Mr. Weasley's.
Sirius was tall and handsome, and younger by far than Harry had seen himinlife.
He loped with an easy grace, his hands inhis pockets and a grin on hisface.
Lupin was younger too, and muchless shabby, and his hair was thicker and darker.
He looked happy to be back in this familiar place, scene of so many adolescent
wanderings.
Lily's smilewas widest of all. She pushed her longhair back as she drew closer to
him, and her green eyes, so like his, searched hisface hungrily, as though she would
never be able to look at him enough.
"You've been so brave."
He could not speak. His eyes feasted onher, and he thought that he would like to
stand and look at her forever, and that would be enough.
"You are nearly there," said James. "Very close. We are . . . so proud of you."
"Does ithurt?"
The childish question had fallenfromHarry's lips before he could stop it.
"Dying? Not at all," said Sirius. "Quicker and easier than falling asleep."
"And he willwantit to be quick. He wants it over," said Lupin.
"I didn't wantyou to die,"Harry said. These words came withouthis volition.
"Any of you. I'm sorry ---"
He addressed Lupinmore than any of them, beseechinghim.
"--- right after you'd had your son . . . Remus, I'm sorry ---"
"I am sorry too," said Lupin. "Sorry I willnever know him. . . but he will know
why I died and I hope he willunderstand. I was trying to make a world in which he could
live a happier life."
A chilly breeze that seemed to emanate fromthe heart of theforestlifted the hair
at Harry's brow. He knew that they would not tellhimto go, thatit would have to be his
decision.
"You'llstay withme?"
"Untilthe very end," said James.
"They won't be able to see you?" asked Harry.

"We are part of you," said Sirius. "Invisible to anyone else."
Harry looked at hismother.
"Stay close to me,"he said quietly.
And he set of. The dementors' chilldid not overcome him;he passed throughit
withhis companions, and they acted like Patronuses to him, and together they marched
through the old trees that grew closely together, their branches tangled, their roots
gnarled and twisted underfoot. Harry clutched the Cloak tightly around himin the
darkness, traveling deeper and deeper into theforest, withno idea where exactly
Voldemort was, but sure that he would find him. Beside him,making scarcely a sound,
walked James, Sirius, Lupin, and Lily, and their presence was his courage, and the reason
he was able to keep putting onefootinfront of the other.
His body and mind felt oddly disconnected now, hislimbs working without
conscious instruction, as ifhe were passenger, not driver, in the body he was about to
leave. The dead who walked beside himthrough theforest weremuchmore real to him
now than theliving back at the castle:Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and allthe others were the
ones who feltlike ghosts as he stumbled and slipped toward the end of hislife, toward
Voldemort . . .
A thud and a whisper: Some other living creature had stirred close by. Harry
stopped under the Cloak, peering around, listening, and hismother and father, Lupin and
Sirius stopped too.
"Someone there," came a rough whisper close at hand. "He's got an Invisibility
Cloak. Could it be --- ?"
Two figures emerged from behind a nearby tree:Their wands flared, and Harry
saw Yaxley and Dolohov peeringinto the darkness, directly at the place Harry, his
mother and father and Sirius and Lupin stood. Apparently they could not see anything.
"Definitelyheard something," said Yaxley. "Animal, d'you reckon?"
"That head case Hagrid kept a whole bunch of stuffinhere," said Dolohov,
glancing over his shoulder.
Yaxleylooked down at his watch.
"Time's nearlyup. Porter's had his hour. He's not coming."
"Better go back," said Yaxley. "Find out what the planis now."
He and Dolohov turned and walked deeper into theforest. Harryfollowed them,
knowing that they would lead him exactly where he wanted to go. He glanced sideways,
and hismother smiled at him, and hisfather nodded encouragement.
Theyhad traveled on mere minutes when Harry saw light ahead, and Yaxley and
Dolohov stepped outinto a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where the

monstrous Aragog had once lived. The remnants of his vast web were there still, but the
swarms of descendants he had spawned had been driven out by the Death Eaters, to fight
for their cause.
A fire burned in themiddle of the clearing, and its flickeringlightfellover a
crowd of completely silent, watchfulDeath Eaters. Some of themwere stillmasked and
hooded; others showed theirfaces. Two giants sat on the outskirts of the group, casting
massive shadows over the scene, theirfaces cruel, rough-hewnlike rock. Harry saw
Fenrir, skulking, chewinghislongnails; the great blond Rowle was dabbing at his
bleedinglip. He saw Lucius Malfoy, who looked defeated and terrified, and Narcissa,
whose eyes were sunken and fullof apprehension.
Every eye was fixed upon Voldemort, who stood withhis head bowed, and his
white hands folded over the Elder Wand infront ofhim. Hemighthave been praying, or
else counting silentlyinhismind, and Harry, standing stillon the edge of the scene,
though absurdly of a child countingin a game of hide-and-seek. Behind hishead, still
swirling and coiling, the great snake Naginifloated inher glittering, charmed cage, like a
monstrous halo.
When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, Voldemortlooked up.
"No sign of him,my Lord," said Dolohov.
Voldemort's expression did not change. The red eyes seemed to burnin the
firelight. Slowlyhe drew the Elder Wand between his longfingers.
"My Lord ---"
Bellatrixhad spoken: She sat closest to Voldemort, disheveled, her face alittle
bloody but otherwise unharmed.
Voldemort raised his hand to silence her, and she did not speak another word, but
eyed himin worshipfulfascination.
"I thoughthe would come," said Voldemortinhis high, clear voice, his eyes on
theleapingflames. "I expected himto come."
Nobody spoke. They seemed as scared as Harry, whose heart was now throwing
itself against his ribs as though determined to escape the body he was about to cast aside.
His hands were sweating as he pulled offthe Invisibility Cloak and stuffed it beneath his
robes, withhis wand. He did not want to be tempted to fight.
"I was, it seems . . . mistaken," said Voldemort.
"You weren't."
Harry said it as loudly as he could, with alltheforce he could muster:He did not
want to sound afraid. The Resurrection Stone slipped from between his numb fingers, and
out of the corner of his eyes he saw his parents, Sirius, and Lupinvanish as he stepped

forward into thefirelight. At thatmomenthe felt that nobody mattered but Voldemort. It
was just the two of them.
Theillusion was gone as soon as ithad come. The giants roared as the Death
Eaters rose together, and there were many cries, gasps, evenlaughter. Voldemort had
frozen where he stood, but his red eyes had found Harry, and he stared as Harrymoved
toward him, withnothing but thefire between them.
Then a voice yelled:"HARRY! NO!"
He turned:Hagrid was bound and trussed, tied to a tree nearby. Hismassive body
shook the branches overhead as he struggled, desperate.
"NO! NO! HARRY, WHAT'RE YEH --- ?"
"QUIET!" shouted Rowle, and with a flick of his wand, Hagrid was silenced.
Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking eagerlyfromVoldemort to Harry,
her breast heaving. The only things that moved were theflames and the snake, coiling
and uncoilingin the glittering cage behind Voldemort's head.
Harry could feelhis wand against his chest, but hemade no attempt to draw it. He
knew that the snake was too well protected, knew thatifhemanaged to point the wand at
Nagini,fifty curses would hithimfirst. And still, Voldemort and Harrylooked at each
other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to the side, considering the boy standing
before him, and a singularlymirthless smile curled thelipless mouth.
"Harry Potter,"he said very softly. His voice mighthave been part of the spitting
fire. "The Boy Who Lived."
None of the Death Eaters moved. They were waiting:Everything was waiting.
Hagrid was struggling, and Bellatrix was panting, and Harry thoughtinexplicably of
Ginny, and her blazinglook, and thefeelof her lips on his ---
Voldemort had raised his wand. Hishead was stilltilted to one side, like a curious
child, wondering what would happen ifhe proceeded. Harrylooked back into the red
eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, whilehe could stillstand, before helost
control, before he betrayed fear ---
He saw themouthmove and a flash of greenlight, and everything was gone.

Chapter Thirty-Five
King's Cross

He lay facedown, listening to the silence. He was perfectly alone. Nobody was
watching. Nobody else was there. He was not perfectly sure that he was there himself.
A long timelater, or maybe no time at all,it came to himthat hemust exist, must
be more than disembodied thought, because he was lying, definitelylying, on some
surface. Therefore he had a sense of touch, and the thing against which helay existed too.
Almost as soon as he had reached this conclusion, Harry became conscious that
he was naked. Convinced as he was of his total solitude, this did not concern him, butit
did intrigue himslightly. He wondered whether, as he could feel, he would be able to see.
In opening them, he discovered thathe had eyes.
Helayin a brightmist, thoughit was notlike mist he had ever experienced before.
His surroundings were not hidden by cloudyvapor; rather the cloudy vapor had not yet
formed into surroundings. Thefloor on which helay seemed to be white, neither warm
nor cold, but simply there, a flat, blank something on which to be.
He sat up. His body appeared unscathed. He touched hisface. He was not wearing
glasses anymore.
Then a noise reached himthrough the unformed nothingness that surrounded him:
the smallsoft thumpings of something thatflapped, flailed, and struggled. It was a pitiful
noise, yet also slightlyindecent. He had the uncomfortablefeeling thathe was
eavesdropping on somethingfurtive, shameful.
For thefirst time, he wished he were clothed.
Barelyhad the wishformed inhis head than robes appeared a short distance away.
He took them and pulled them on. They were soft, clean, and warm. It was extraordinary
how they had appeared justlike that, themomenthe had wanted them. . . .
He stood up, looking around. Was hein some great Room of Requirement? The
longer helooked, themore there was to see. A great domed glass roof glittered high
above himin sunlight. Perhaps it was a palace. Allwas hushed and still, exceptfor those
odd thumping and whimperingnoises comingfrom somewhere close byin themist. . . .
Harry turned slowly on the spot, and his surroundings seemed to invent
themselves before his eyes. A wide-open space, bright and clean, a halllarger byfar than
the Great Hall, with that clear domed glass ceiling. It was quite empty. He was the only
person there, except for ­
He recoiled. He had spotted the thing that was making the noises. It had theform

of a small, naked child, curled on the ground, its skin raw and rough, flayed-looking, and
itlay shudderingunder a seat whereithad been left, unwanted, stuffed out of sight,
strugglingfor breath.
He was afraid ofit. Small and fragile and wounded thoughit was, he did not want
to approach it. Nevertheless he drew slowlynearer, ready to jump back at anymoment.
Soon he stood near enough to touchit, yet he could not bringhimself to do it. He feltlike
a coward. He ought to comfortit, butit repulsed him.
"You cannot help."
He spun around. Albus Dumbledore was walking toward him, sprightly and
upright, wearing sweeping robes ofmidnight blue.
"Harry." He spread his arms wide, and hishands were both whole and white and
undamaged. "You wonderfulboy. You brave, braveman. Let us walk."
Stunned, Harryfollowed as Dumbledore strode awayfromwhere theflayed child
lay whimpering, leadinghimto two seats that Harry had not previouslynoticed, set some
distance away under that high, sparklingceiling. Dumbledore sat downin one of them,
and Harryfellinto the other, staring at his old headmaster's face. Dumbledore's long
silver hair and beard, the piercingly blue eyes behind half-moon spectacles, the crooked
nose:Everything was as he had remembered it. And yet . . .
"Butyou're dead," said Harry.
"Oh yes," said Dumbledore matter-of-factly.
"Then . . . I'm dead too?"
"Ah," said Dumbledore, smiling stillmore broadly. "Thatis the question, isn'tit?
On the whole, dear boy, I think not."
Theylooked at each other, the old man stillbeaming.
"Not?" repeated Harry.
"Not," said Dumbledore.
"But . . ." Harry raised hishand instinctively toward thelightning scar. It did not
seem to be there. "But I should have died ­ I didn't defend myself! I meant to lethim kill
me!"
"And that," said Dumbledore, "will, I think, havemade allthe difference."
Happiness seemed to radiatefrom Dumbledore likelight;likefire:Harry had
never seen theman so utterly, so palpably content.
"Explain," said Harry.
"Butyou already know," said Dumbledore. He twiddled his thumbs together.
"I let himkillme," said Harry. "Didn't I?"
"You did," said Dumbledore, nodding. "Go on!"

"So the part of his soulthat was inme . . ."
Dumbledore nodded stillmore enthusiastically, urging Harry onward, a broad
smile of encouragement on hisface.
". . . has itgone?"
"Oh yes!" said Dumbledore. "Yes, he destroyed it. Your soulis whole, and
completelyyour own, Harry."
"But then . . ."
Harry trembled over his shoulder to where the small, maimed creature trembled
under the chair.
"Whatis that, Professor?"
"something thatis beyond either of our help," said Dumbledore.
"ButifVoldemort used the Killing Curse," Harry started again, "and nobody died
for me this time ­ how can I be alive?"
"I think you know," said Dumbledore. "Think back. Remember what he did, in
hisignorance, inhis greed and his cruelty."
Harry thought. Helet his gaze drift over his surroundings. Ifitwas indeed a
palace in which they sat, it was an odd one, with chairs setinlittle rows and bits of
railinghere and there, and still, he and Dumbledore and the stunted creatures under the
chair were the only beings there. Then the answer rose to hislips easily, without effort.
"He took my blood," said Harry.
"Precisely!" said Dumbledore. "He took your blood and rebuilthis living body
withit! Your blood inhis veins, Harry, Lily's protectioninside both of you! He thethered
you to lifewhilehelives!"
"I live . . . whilehelives? But I thought . . . I thoughtit was the other way around!
I thoughtwe both had to die? Or is it the same thing?"
He was distracted by the whimpering and thumping of the agonized creature
behind them and glanced back at ityet again.
"Are you sure we can't do anything?"
"There is no help possible."
"Then explain . . . more," said Harry, and Dumbledore smiled.
"You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry, the Horcruxhe never meant to make. He
had rendered his soulso unstable thatit broke apart when he committed those acts of
unspeakable evil, themurder of your parents, the attempted killing of a child. But what
escaped from that room was evenless than he knew. Heleftmore than his body behind.
He left part of himselflatched to you, the would-be victimwho had survived.
"And his knowledge remained woefullyincomplete, Harry! That which

Voldemort does not value, he takes no trouble to comprehend. Of house-elves and
children's tales, oflove, loyalty, and innocence, Voldemort knows and understands
nothing. Nothing. That they allhave a power beyond his own, a power beyond the reach
of anymagic, is a truthhe has never grasped.
"He took your blood believingitwould strengthen him. He took into his body a
tiny part of the enchantmentyour motherlaid upon you when she died for you. His body
keeps her sacrafice alive, and while that enchantment survives, so do you and so does
Voldemort's onelast hope for himself."
Dumbledore smiled at Harry, and Harry stared at him.
"And you knew this? You knew ­ all along?"
"I guessed. Butmyguesses have usually been good," said Dumbledore happily,
and they sat in silencefor what seemed like a long time, while the creature behind them
continued to whimper and tremble.
"There's more," said Harry. "There's more to it. Why did my wand break the
wand he borrowed?"
"As to that, I cannot be sure."
"Have a guess, then," said Harry, and Dumbledore laughed.
"What you must understand, Harry, is that you and Lord Voldemort have
journeyed together into realms ofmagic hitherto unknown and untested. Buthereis what
I think happened, and itis unprecedented, and no wandmaker could, I think, ever have
predicted or explained it to Voldemort.
"Withoutmeaning to, as you now know, Lord Voldemort doubled the bond
between you when he returned to a human form. A part of his soulwas stillattached to
yours, and, thinking to strengthen himself, he took a part of your mother's sacrafice into
himself. Ifhe could onlyhave understood the precise and terrible power of that sacrifice,
he would not, perhaps, have dared to touch your blood. . . . But then, ifhe had been able
to understand, he could not be Lord Voldemort, and mightnever havemurdered at all.
"Having ensured this two-fold connection, having wrapped your destinies
together more securely than ever two wizards were joined inhistory, Voldemort
proceeded to attack you with a wand that shared a core withyours. And now something
very strange happened, as we know. The cores reacted in a way that Lord Voldemort,
who never knew that your wand was a twin of his, had ever expected.
"He was more afraid than you were thatnight, Harry. You had accepted, even
embraced, the possibility of death, something Lord Voldemort has never been able to do.
Your courage won, your wand overpowered his. And in doing so, somethinghappened
between those wands, something that echoed the relationship between theirmasters.

"I believe that your wand imbibed some of the power and qualities of
Voldemort's wand that night, whichis to say thatit contained a little of Voldemort
himself. So your wand recognized himwhen he pursued you, recognized a man who was
both kin and mortal enemy, and it regurgitated some of his own magic againsthim, magic
muchmore powerfulthan anythingLucius's wand had ever performed. Your wand now
contained the power of your enormous courage and of Voldemort's own deadly skill:
What chance did that poor stick of Lucius Malfoy's stand?"
"Butifmy wand was so powerful,how come Hermione was able to break it?"
asked Harry.
"My dear boy, its remarkable effects were directed only at Voldemort, who had
tampered so ill-advisedly with the deepestlaws ofmagic. Only toward himwas that
wand abnormally powerful. Otherwiseit was a wand like any other . . . though a good
one, I am sure," Dumbledore finished kindly.
Harry sat in thoughtfor along time, or perhaps seconds. It was very hard to be
sure of thingslike time, here.
"He killed me withyour wand."
"He failed to killyou withmy wand," Dumbledore corrected Harry. "I think we
can agree that you are not dead ­ though, of course,"he added, as iffearinghe had been
discourteous, "I do notminimizeyour sufferings, which I am sure were severe."
"I feelgreat at themoment, though," said Harry, looking down at his clean,
unblemished hands. "Where are we, exactly?"
"Well, I was going to ask you that," said Dumbledore, looking around. "Where
would you say that we are?"
UntilDumbledore had asked, Harryhad not known. Now, however, hefound that
he had an answer ready to give.
"Itlooks,"he said slowly, "like King's Cross station. Except a lo cleaner and
empty, and there are no trains as far as I can see."
"King's Cross station!" Dumbledore was chucklingimmoderately. "Good
gracious, really?"
"Well, where do you think we are?" asked Harry, a little defensively.
"My dear boy, I have no idea. Thisis, as they say, your party."
Harry had no idea what this meant; Dumbledore was beinginfuriating. He glared
at him, then remembered a muchmore pressing question than that of their current
location.
"The Deathly Hallows,"he said, and he was glad to see that the words wiped the
smilefromDumbledore's face.

"Ah, yes,"he said. He evenlooked a littleworried.
"Well?"
For thefirst time since Harry had met Dumbledore, helooked less than an old
man, muchless. He looked fleetinglylike a small boy caughtin wrongdoing.
"Can youforgiveme?"he said. "Can youforgivemefor not trustingyou? For not
tellingyou? Harry, I onlyfeared that you would fail as I had failed. I only dreaded that
you would make mymistakes. I crave your pardon, Harry. I have known, for some time
now, that you are the better man."
"What are you talking about?" asked Harry, startled by Dumbledore's tone, by the
sudden tears inhis eyes.
"The Hallows, the Hallows,"murmured Dumbledore. "A desperate man's
dream!"
"But they're real!"
"Real, and dangerous, and a lurefor fools," said Dumbledore. "And I was such a
fool. Butyou know, don't you? I have no secrets fromyou anymore. You know."
"What do I know?"
Dumbledore turned his whole body to face Harry, and tears stillsparkled in the
brilliantly blue eyes.
"Master of death, Harry, master of Death! Was I better, ultimately, than
Voldemort?"
"Of course you were," said Harry. "Of course ­ how can you ask that? You never
killed ifyou could avoid it!"
"True, true," said Dumbledore, and he was like a child seeking reassurance. "Yet
I too sought a way to conquer death, Harry."
"Not the way he did," said Harry. After allhis anger at Dumbledore, how odd it
was to sithere, beneath the high, vaulted ceiling, and defend Dumbledore fromhimself.
"Hallows, not Horcruxes."
"Hallows,"murmured Dumbledore, "not Horcruxes. Precisely."
There was a pause. The creature behind themwhimpered, but Harry no longer
looked around.
"Grindelwald was lookingfor them too?"he asked.
Dumbledore closed his eyes for a moment and nodded.
"It was the thing, above all, that drew us together,"he said quietly. "Two clever,
arrogant boys with a shared obsession. He wanted to come to Godric's Hollow, as I am
sure you have guessed, because of the grave of Ignotus Peverell. He wanted to explore
the place the third brother had died."

"So it's true?" asked Harry. "All ofit? The Peverell brothers ­"
"--were the three brothers of the tale,"said Dumbledore, nodding. "Oh yes, I
think so. Whether theymet Death on alonely road . . . I think itmore likely that the
Peverell brothers were simplygifted, dangerous wizards who succeeded in creating those
powerfulobjects. The story of them being Death's own Hallows seems to me the sort of
legend thatmighthave sprungup around such creations.
"The Cloak, as you know now, traveled down through the ages, father to son,
mother to daughter, right down to Ignotus's lastliving descendant, who was born, as
Ignotus was, in the village of Godric's Hollow."
Dumbledore smiled at Harry.
"Me?"
"You. You have guessed,, I know, whythe Cloak was inmy possession on the
nightyour parents died. James had showed it to me just afew days previously. It
explained much of his undetected wrongdoing at school! I could hardly believe what I
was seeing. I asked to borrow it, to examineit. I had long since given up my dream of
uniting the Hallows, but I could not resist, could nothelp taking a closer look. . . . It was
a Cloak thelikes of which I had never seen, immensely old, perfect in every respect . . .
and then your father died, and I had two Hallows atlast, allto myself!"
His tone was unbearably bitter.
"The Cloak wouldn't have helped themsurvive, though,"Harry said quickly.
"Voldemort knew wheremymum and dad were. The Cloak couldn't havemade them
curse-proof."
"true," sighed Dumbledore. "True."
Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak, so he prompted him.
"So you'd given up lookingfor the Hallows when you saw the Cloak?"
"Oh yes," said Dumbledore faintly. It seemed that heforced himself to meet
Harry's eyes. "You know what happened. You know. You cannot despise memore than
I
despise myself."
"But I don't despise you ­"
"Thenyou should," said Dumbledore. He drew a deep breath. "You know the
secret ofmy sister's illhealth, what those Muggles did, what she became. You know how
my poor father sought revenge, and paid the price, died In Azkaban. You know how my
mother gave up her ownlife to care for Ariana.
"I resented it, Harry."
Dumbledore stated it baldly, coldly. He was lookingnow over the top of Harry's

head, into the distance.
"I was gifted, I was brilliant. I wanted to escape. I wanted to shine. I wanted glory.
"Do notmisunderstand me,"he said, and pain crossed theface so that helooked
ancient again. "I loved them, I loved myparents, I loved my brother and my sister, but I
was selfish, Harry, more selfish than you, who are a remarkably selfless person, could
possiblyimagine.
"So that, when mymother died, and I was left the responsibility of a damaged
sister and a wayward brother, I returned to myvillagein anger and bitterness. Trapped
and wasted, I thought! And then of course, he came. . . ."
Dumbledore looked directlyinto Harry's eyes again.
"Grindelwald. You cannotimaginehow hisideas caughtme, Harry, inflamed me.
Muggles forced into subservience. We wizards triumphant. Grindelwald and I, the
glorious youngleaders of the revolution.
"Oh, I had a few scruples. I assuaged my conscience with empty words. It would
all be for the greater good, and anyharmdone would be repaid a hundredfold in benefits
for wizards. Did I know, inmyheart of hearts, what Gellert Grindelwald was? I think I
did, but I closed my eyes. If the plans we weremaking came to fruition, allmy dreams
would come true.
"And at the heart of our schemes, the Deathly Hallows! How theyfascinated him,
how theyfascinated both ofus! The unbeatable wand, the weapon that would lead us to
power! The Resurrection Stone ­ to him, though I pretended not to know it, itmeant an
army of Inferi! To me, I confess, itmeant the return ofmy parents, and theliftingof all
responsibilityfrommy shoulders.
"And the Cloak . . . somehow, we never discussed the Cloak much, Harry. Both
of us could conceal ourselves well enough without the Cloak, the truemagic of which, of
course, is thatit can be used to protect and shield others as well as its owner. I thought
that, if we ever found it, itmight be usefulinhiding Ariana, but our interest in the Cloak
was mainly thatit completed the trio, for thelegend said that theman who had united all
three objects would then be trulymaster of death, which we took to mean `invincible.'
"Invinciblemasters of death, Grindelwald and Dumbledore! Two months of
insanity, of cruel dreams, and neglect of the only two members of myfamilyleft to me.
"And then . . . you know what happened. Reality returned in theform ofmy rough,
unlettered, and infinitelymore admirable brother. I did not want to hear the truths he
shouted at me. I did not want to hear that I could not setforth and seek Hallows with a
fragile and unstable sister in tow.
"The argument became afight. Grindelwald lost control. That which I had always

sensed inhim, though I pretended not to, now spranginto terrible being. And Ariana . . .
after allmymother's care and caution . . . lay dead upon thefloor."
Dumbledore gave a little gasp and began to cry in earnest. Harry reached out and
was glad to find that he could touch him:He gripped his arm tightly and Dumbledore
gradually regained control.
"Well, Grindelwald fled, as anyone but I could have predicted. He vanished, with
his plans for seizing power, and his schemes for Muggle torture, and his dreams of the
Deathly Hallows, dreams in which I had encouraged himand helped him. He ran, while I
was left to bury my sister, and learn to live withmyguilt and my terrible grief, the price
ofmy shame.
"Years passed. There were rumors abouthim. They said he had procured a wand
ofimmense power. I, meanwhile, was offered the post of Minister of Magic, not once,
but several times. Naturally, I refused. I had learned that I was not to be trusted with
power."
"Butyou'd have been better, much better, than Fudge or Scimgeour!" burst out
Harry.
"Would I?" asked Dumbledore heavily. "I amnot so sure. I had proven, as a very
youngman, that power was my weakness and my temptation. Itis a curious thing, Harry,
but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never soughtit.
Those
who, like you, haveleadership thrust upon them, and take up themantle because they
must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well.
"I was safer at Hogwarts. I think I was a good teacher ­"
"You were the best ---"
"--- you are very kind, Harry. But while I busied myselfwith the training of
young wizards, Grindelwald was raising an army. They say hefeared me, and perhaps he
did, butless, I think, than I feared him.
"Oh, not death," said Dumbledore, in answer to Harry's questioninglook. "Not
what he could do to memagically. I knew that we were evenlymatched, perhaps that I
was a shade more skillful. It was the truth I feared. You see, I never knew which ofus, in
thatlast, horrificfight, had actually cast the curse that killed my sister. Youmay callme
cowardly:You would be right, Harry. I dreaded beyond allthings the knowledge thatit
had been I who brought about her death, notmerely throughmy arrogance and stupidity,
but that I actually struck the blow that snuffed out her life.
"I think he knew it, I think he knew whatfrightened me. I delayed meetinghim
untilfinally,itwould have been too shamefulto resist anylonger. People were dying and

he seemed unstoppable, and I had to do what I could.
"Well, you know what happened next. I won the duel. I won the wand."
Another silence. Harry did not ask whether Dumbledore had ever found out who
struck Ariana dead. He did not want to know, and evenless did he want Dumbledore to
have to tellhim. Atlast he knew what Dumbledore would have seen when helooked in
themirror of Erised, and why Dumbledore had been so understanding of thefascinationit
had exercised over Harry.
They sat in silencefor a long time, and the whipmerings of the creature behind
them barely disturbed Harry anymore.
Atlast he said, "Grindelwald tried to stop Voldemort going after the wand. He
lied, you know, pretended he had never had it."
Dumbledore nodded, looking down at hislap, tears stillglittering on the crooked
nose.
"They say he showed remorse inlater years, aloneinhis cell at Nurmengard. I
hope thatis true. I would like to think that he did feel the horror and shame of what he
had done. Perhaps thatlie to Voldemort was his attempt to make amends . . . to prevent
Voldemortfromtaking the Hallow . . ."
". . .or maybe from breakinginto your tomb?" suggested Harry, and Dumbledore
dabbed his eyes.
After another short pause Harry said, "You tried to use the Resurrection Stone."
Dumbledore nodded.
"When I discovered it, after allthose years, buried in the abandoned home of the
Gaunts --- the Hallow I had craved most of all, thoughinmyyouth I had wanted itfor
very different reasons --- I lostmyhead, Harry. I quiteforgot that I was not a Horcrux,
that the ring was sure to carry a curse. I picked itup, and I putit on, and for a second I
imagined that I was about to see Ariana, and mymother, and myfather, and to tellthem
how very, very sorry, I was. . . .
"I was such a fool, Harry. After allthose years I had learned nothing. I was
unworthy to unite the Deathly Hallows, I had proved it time and again, and here was final
proof."
"Why?" said Harry. "It was natural! You wanted to see them again. What's wrong
with that?"
"Maybe a man in amillion could unite the Hallows, Harry. I was fit only to
possess themeanest of them, theleast extraordinary. I was fit to own the Elder Wand,
and not boast ofit, and not to killwithit. I was permitted to tame and useit, because I
took it, notfor gain, but to save others fromit.

"But the Cloak, I took out ofvain curiousity, and so it could never have worked
for me as it works for you, its true owners. The stone I would have used in an attempt to
drag back those who are at peace, rather than enablemy self-sacrafice, as you did. You
are the worthy possessor of the Hallows."
Dumbledore patted Harry's hand, and Harrylooked up at the old man and smiled;
he could not help himself. How coul dhe remain angry with Dumbledore now?
"Why did youhave to makeit so difficult?"
Dumbledore's smilewas tremulous.
"I am afraid I counted on Miss Granger to slow youup, Harry. I was afraid that
your hot head might dominate your good heart. I was scared that, if presented outright
with thefacts about those tempting objects, youmight seize the Hallows as I did, at the
wrong time, for the wrong reasons. Ifyoulaid hands on them, I wanted you to possess
themsafely. You are the truemaster of death, because the truemaster does not seek to
run awayfromDeath. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far
worse things in theliving world than dying."
"And Voldemort never knew about the Hallows?"
"I do not think so, because he did not recognize the Resurrection Stone he turned
into a Horcrux. But evenifhe had known about them, Harry. I doubt that he wouldhave
been interested in any except thefirst. He would not think thathe needed the Cloak, and
as for the stone, whomwould he want to bring back from the dead? Hefears the dead.
He
does notlove."
"Butyou expected himto go after the wand?"
"I have been sure that he would try, ever since your wand beat Voldemort's in the
graveyard of Little Hangleton. Atfirst, he was afraid that you had conquered himby
superior skill. Once he had kidnapped Ollivander, however, he discovered the existence
of the twin cores. He thought that explained everything. Yet the borrowed wand did no
better againstyours! So Voldemort, instead of askinghimselfwhat qualityit was inyou
thathad made your wand so strong, what giftyou possessed that he did not, naturally set
out to find the one wand that, they said, would beat any other. For him, the Elder Wand
has become an obsession to rivalhis obsession withyou. He believes that the Elder Wand
removes hislast weakness and makes himtrulyinvincible. Poor Severus . . ."
"Ifyou planned your death with Snape, youmeant himto end up with the Elder
Wand, didn't you?"
"I admit that was myintention," said Dumbledore, "butit did not work as I
intended, did it?"

"No," said Harry. "That bit didn't work out."
The creature behind themjerked and moaned, and Harry and Dumbledore sate
without talkingfor thelongest timeyet. The realization of what would happen next
settled gradually over Harryin thelong minutes, like softlyfalling snow.
"I've got to go back, haven't I?"
"Thatis up to you."
"I've got a choice?"
"Oh yes," Dumbledore smiled at him. "We are in King's Cross you say? I think
thatifyou decided not to go back, you would be able to . . . let's say . . . board a train."
"And where would it take me?"
"On," said Dumbledore simply.
Silence again.
"Voldemort's got the Elder Wand."
"True. Voldemort has the Elder Wand."
"Butyou wantme to go back?"
"I think," said Dumbledore, "thatifyou choose to return, thereis a chance thathe
may be finished for good. I cannot promise it. But I know this, Harry, that you haveless
to fear from returninghere than he does."
Harry glanced again at the raw looking thing that trembled and choked in the
shadow beneath the distant chair.
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity theliving, and above all, those who live
withoutlove. By returning, youmay ensure thatfewer souls are maimed, fewer families
are torn apart. If that seems to you a worthygoal, they we saw good-bye for the
present."
Harry nodded and sighed. Leaving this place would not be nearly as hard as
walkinginto theforest had been, butit was warm and light and peacefulhere, and he
knew that he was heading back to pain and thefear of more loss. He stood up, and
Dumbledore did the same, and theylooked for alongmomentinto each other's faces.
"Tellme onelast thing," said Harry, "Is this real? Or has this been happening
insidemyhead?"
Dumbledore beamed at him, and his voice sounded loud and strongin Harry's
ears even though the brightmist was descending again, obscuringhisfigure.
"Of courseitishappeninginside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that
meanitis not real?"

Chapter Thirty-Six
The Flaw in the Plan

He was flyingfacedown on the grond again. The smellof theforestfilled his nostrils. He
could feel
the cold hard ground beneath his cheek, and the hinge of his glasses which have been
knocked sideways
by thefallcuttinginto his temple. Everyinch of him ached, and the place where Killing
Curse had hithim
feltlike the bruise of aniron-clad punch. He did not stir, but he remained exactly where
he had fallen, with
hisleft arm bent out at an akward angle and hismouth gaping.
He had expected to hear cheer of triumph and jubilation at his death, butinstead
hurried footsteps,
whispers, and solicitous murmurs filled the air.
"My Lord... my Lord..."
It was Bellatrix's voice, and she spoke as ifto a lover. Harry did not dare open his
eyes, but allowed
his other senses to explore his predicament. He knew that his wand was stillstowed
beneath his robes because
he could feelit pressed between his chest and the ground. A slight cushioning effectin
the area ofhis stomach
told himthat the Invisibility Cloak was also there, stuffed out of sight.
"My Lord..."
"That will do," said Voldemort's voice.
More footsteps. Several people were backing away fromthe same spot. Desperate
to see what was
happening and why, Harry opened his eyes by a milimeter.
Voldemort seemed to be getting to hisfeet. Various Death Eaters were hurrying
away fromhim,
returning to the crowd liningthe clearing. Bellatrix alone remained behind, kneeling
beside Voldemort.
Harry closed his eyes again and considered what he had seen. The Death Eaters
have been buddled

around Voldemort, who seem to havefallen to the ground. Somethinghad happened
when he had hitHarry with
the Killing Curse. Had Voldemort too collapsed? It seemed likeit. And both of themhad
brieflyfallenunconcious
and both of themhad now returned. . .
"My Lord, letme --"
"I do not require assitance," said Voldemort coldly, and thoughhe could not see it,
Harry pictured
Bellatrix withdrawing a helpfulhand. "The boy . . . Is he dead?"
There was a complete silence in the clearing. Nobody approached Harry, but he
felt their concentraded
gaze;it seemed to press himharder into the ground, and he was terrified a finger or an
eyelid might twitch.
"You," said Voldemort, and there was a bang and a smallshrick of pain.
"Examinehim. Tellme whether heis dead."
Harry did not know who had been sent to verify. He could onlylie there, withhis
heart thumping traitorously, and wait to be
examined, but at the same timenothing, small comfort throughit was, that Voldemort
was wary of approachinghim, that Voldemort
suspected that allhad not gone to plan . . . .
Hands, softer than he had been expecting, touched Harry's face, and felthis heart.
He could hear the woman's fast breathing,
her pounding oflife againsthis ribs.
"Is Draco alive? Is he in the castle?"
The whisper was barely audible, her lips were an inch fromhis car, her head bent
so low that her longhair shielded hisface
fromthe onlookers.
 "Yes," he breathed back.
Hefelt the hand on his chest contract:her nails pierced him. Thenit was
withdrawn. She had sat up.
"Heis dead!" Narcissa Malfoy called to the watchers.
And now they shouted, now they yelledin triumph and stamped theirfeet, and
throughhis eyelids, Harry saw bursts of red
and silver light shootinto the air in celebration.
Stillfeigning death on the ground, he understood. Narcissa knew that the only
way she would be permitted to enter Hogwarts,

and find her son, was as part of the conquering army. She no longer cared whether
Voldemort won.
"You see?" screeched Voldemort over the tumult."Harry Potter is dead by my
hand, and no man alive can threatenme now!
Watch! Crucio!"
Harry had been expectingit, knew his body would not be allowed to remain
unsullied upon theforest floor;itmust be subjected
to humiliation to prove Voldemort's victory. He was lifted into the air, and it took allhis
determination to remainlimp, yet the painhe
expected did not come. He was thrown once, twice, three times into the air. His glasses
flew off and hefelthis wand slide a little beneath
his robes, but he kept himselffloppy andlifeless, and when hefellno ground for thelast
time, the clearing echoed with jeers and shrieks
oflaughter.
"Now," said Voldemort, "we go to the castle, and show themwhat has become of
their hero. Who shalldrag the body? No - Wait - "
There was a fresh outbreak oflaughter, and after a few moments Harryfelt the
ground trembling beneath him.
"You carryhim," Voldemort said. "He willbe nice and visibleinyour arms, will
he not? Pick up your littlefriend, Hagrid. And the
glasses - put on the glasses - hemust be recognizable - "
Someone slammed Harry's glasses back onto hisface with deliberate force, but
the enormous hands thatlifted himinto the air
were exceedinglygentle. Harry could feelHagrid's arms trembling with theforce of his
heaving sobs; great tears splashed downupon him
as Hagrid cradled Harryinhis arms, and Harry did not dare, by movement or word, to
intimate to Hagrid that allwas not, yet, lost.
"Move," said Voldemort, and Hagrid stumbled forward, forcinghis way through
the close-growing trees, back through the forest.
Branches caught at Harry's hair and robes, buthelay quiescent, his mouthlollingopen,
his eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the
Death Eaters croed all around them, and whileHagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to
see whether a pulse beatin the exposed neck of
Harry Potter. . . .
The two giants crashed along behind the Death Eaters; Harry could hear trees
creaking and falling as they passed; they made so

much din that birds toes shriekinginto the sky, and even the jeers of the Death Eaters
were drowned. The victorious processionmarched
on toward the open ground, and after a while Harry could tell, by thelightening ofthe
darkness throughhis closed eyelids, that the trees
were beginning to thin.
"BANE!"
Hagrid's unexpected bellow nearlyforced Harry's eyes open. "Happy now, are
yeh, that yeh didn'tfight, yeh cowardly bunch o' nags?
Are yeh happy Harry Potter's - d-dead . . . ?"
Hagrid could not continue, but broke downinfresh tears. Harry wondered how
many centaurs were watching their procession pass;
he dared not open his eyes to look. Some of the Death Eaters called insults at the
centaurs
as theyleft them behind. A littlelater, Harry
sensed, by a freshening of the air, that they had reached the edge of theforest.
"Stop."
Harry thought that Hagrid musthave been forced to obey Voldemort's command,
because helurched a little. And now a chillsettled
over themwhere they sood, and Harry heard the rasping breath of the dementors that
patrolled the other trees. They would not affect himnow.
Thefact of his own survival burned inside him, a talisman against them, as thoughhis
father's stag kept guardianinhis heart.
Someone passed close by Harry, and he knew thatit was Voldemorthimself
because he spoke a momentlater, his voicemagically
magnified so thatit swelled through the ground, crashingupon Harry's eardrums.
"Harry Potter is dead. He was killed as he ran away, trying to save himself while
youlay down your lives for him. We bringyou his
body as proof that your hero is gone.
"The battleis won. You havelost half ofyour fighters. My Death Eaters
outnumber you, and the Boy Who Lived is finished. There must
be no more war. Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman or child, willbe
slaughtered, as willeverymember of their family. Come out of the
castlenow, kneel before me, and you shall be spared. Your parents and children, your
brothers and sisters willlive and be forgiven, and you will
joinmein the new world we shall build togheter."
There was silence in the grounds and from the castle. Voldemort was so close to

himthat Harry did not dare open his eyes again.
"Come," said Voldemort, and Harry heard himmove ahead, and Hagrid was
forced to follow. Now Harry opened his eyes a fraction, and saw
Voldemort stridinginfront them, wearing the great snake Nagini around his shoulders,
now free of her enchanted cage. But Harry had no possibility
of extracting the wand concealed under his robes without beingnoticed by the Death
Eaters, who marched on the either side of them through the
slowlylightening darkness . . . .
"Harry," sobbed Hagrid. "Oh, Harry . . . Harry . . ."
Harry shuthis eyes tight again. He knew that they were approaching the castle
and strained his ears to distinguish, above the gleefulvoices
of the Death Eaters and their trampingfootsteps, signs oflifefromthose within.
"Stop."
The Death Eaters camte to a halt; Harryheard themspreading outin a linefacing
the opnefront doors of the school. He could see, even
thoughhis closed lids, the teddish glow thatmeantlight streamed upon himfrom the
entrance hall. He waited. Anymoment, the peoplefor whom
he had tried to die would see him,lying apparently dead, in Hagrid's arms.
"NO!"
The scream was themore terrible because he had never expected or dreamed that
Professor McGonagallcould make such a sound. He heard
another women laughingnearby, and knew that Bellatrixgloried in McGonagall's despair.
He squinted againfor a single second and saw the open
doorway filling with people, as the survivors of the battle came out onto thefront steps
to face their vanquishers and see the truth of Harry's deathfor
themselves. He saw Voldemort standing a littleinfront of him, stroking Nagini's head
with a single whitefinger. He closed his eyes again.
"No!"
 "No!"
"Harry! HARRY!"
Ron's, Hermione's, and Ginny's voices were worse than McGonagall's; Harry
wanted nothingmore than to call back, yet hemade himselflie
silent, and their cries acted like a trigger; the crowd of survivors took up the cause,
screaming and yelling abuse at the Death Eathers, until -
"SILENCE!" cried Voldemort, and there was a bang and a flash of brightlight,
and silence was forced upn them all."Itis over! Set him down,

Hagrid, at myfeet, where he belongs!"
Harry felthimselflowered onto the grass.
"You see? said Voldemort, and Harryfelthimstriding backward and forward
right beside the place where helay. "Harry Potter is dead! Do you
understand now, deluded ones? He was nothing, ever, but a boy who relied on others to
sacrifice themselves for him!"
"He beat you!"yelled Ron, and the charmbroke, and the defenders of Hogwarts
were shouting and screaming againuntila second, more
powerfulbang extinguished their voices oncemore.
"He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle grounds," said Voldemort,
and there was a relishinhis voice for thelie. "killed while trying
to save himself - "
But Voldemort broke off:Harryheard a scuffle and a shout, then another bang, a
flash oflight, and grunt of pain;he opened his eyes an infinitesimal
amount. Someone had broken free of the crowd and charged at Voldemort:Harry saw
the
figure hit the ground. Disarmed, Voldemort throwing the challenger's
wand aside and laughing.
"And who is this?"he said inhis soft snake's hiss. "Who has volunteered to
demonstrate what happens to those who continue to fight when the
battleis lost?"
Bellatrixgave a delighted laugh.
"Itis NevilleLongbottom, my Lord! The boy who has been giving the Carrows so
much trouble! The son of the Aurors, remember?"
"Ah, yes, I remember," said Voldemort,looking down at Neville, who was
struggling back to hisfeet, unarmed and unproctected, standingin the
no-man's-land between the survivors and the Death Eaters. "Butyou are a pureblood,
aren't you, my brave boy? Voldemort asked Neville, who stood facinghim,
his empty hands curled infists.
"So whatifI am?" said Nevilleloudly.
"You show spirit and bravery, and you come of noble stock. You willmake a very
valuable Death Eater. We need your kind, NevilleLongbottom."
"I'lljoinyou when hellfreezes over," said Neville."Dumbledore's Army!"he
shouted, and there was an answering cheer from the crowd, whom
Voldemort's Silencing Charms seemed unable to hold.
"Very well,"said Voldemort, and Harryheard more danger in the silkiness of his

voice thanin themost powerful curse. "Ifthatis your choice, Longbottom,
we revert to the original plan. On your head," he said quietly,"beit."
Stillwatching throughhislashes, Harry saw Voldemort wave his wand. Seconds
later, out of one of the castle's shattered windows, something thatlooked like a
misshapen bird flew through the halflight and landed in Voldemort's hand. He shook the
mildewed object by its pointed end and it dangled, emtpy and ragged: the SortingHat.
"There willbe no more Sorting at Hogwarts School," said Voldemort. "There will
be no more Houses. The emblem, sheild and colors ofmynoble ancestor, Salazar
Slythering, willsuffice everyone. Won't they, NevilleLongbottom?"
He pointed his wand at Neville, who grew rigid and still, thenforced the hat onto
Neville's head, so thta it slipped down below his eyes. There were movements from the
watching crowd infront of the castle, and as one, the Death Eaters raised their wands,
holding thefighters of Hogwarts at bay.
"Nevillehere is now going to demonstrate what happens to anyonefoolish
enough to continue to oppose me," said Voldemort, and with a flick of his wand, he
caused the Sorting Hat to burstinto flames.
Screams split the dawn, and Neville was aflame, rooted to the spot, unable to
move, and Harry could not bear it:Hemust act -
And thenmany things happened at the samemoment.
Theyheard uproar from the distant boundary of the school as what sounded like
hundreds of people came swarming over the out-of-sight walls and pelted toward the
castle, utteringlowd war cries. At the same time, Grawp camelumbering around the side
of the castel and yelled, "HAGGER!" His cry was answered by roars from Voldemort's
giants:They ran at Grawp like bull elephants making the earth quake. Then camehooves
and the twangs of bows, and arrows were suddenlyfalling amongst the Death Eaters, who
broke ranks, shouting their surprise. Harry pulled the Invisibilty Cloak frominside his
robes, swuntit over himself, and sprang to his feet, as Nevillemoved too.
In one swift, fluidmotin, Neville broke free of the Body-Bind Curse upon him;
theflaminghar fell offhimand he drew fromits depths something silver, with a
glittering, rubied handle -
The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over the roar of the oncoming
crowd or the sounds of the clashinggiants or of te stampending centaurs, and yet,it
seemd to draw every eye. With a single stroke Neville sliced off the great snake's head,
which spunhighinto the air, gleamingin thelightfloodingfromthe entrance hall, and
Voldemort's mouth was open in a screamoffury that nobody could hear, and the snake's
body thudded to the ground at hisfeet-

Hidden beneath the Invisibilty Cloak, Harry cast a Shield Charm between Neville
and Voldemort before thelatter could raisehis stamps of the battlinggiants, Hagrid's yell
cameloudets of all.
"HARRY!" Hagrid shouted. "HARRY - WHERE'S HARRY?"
Chaos reigned. The charging centaurs were scattering the Death Eaters, everyone
was feeling thegiants' stampingfeet, and nearer and nearar thundered the reinforcements
thathad comefromwho knew where; Harry saw great winget creatues soaring the heads
of Voldemort's giants, thestrals and Buckbeak the hippogriff scratching at their eyes
while Grawp punched and pummeled them and now the wizards, defenders of Hogwarts
and Death Eaters alike were beingforced back into the castle. Harry was shooting jinxes
and curses at any Death Eater he could see, and they crumpled, not knowing what or who
had hit them, and their bodies were trampled by the retreating crowd. Stillhidden beneath
the Invisibility Cloak, Harry was buffered into the entrance hall:He was searchingfor
Voldemort and saw him across the room, firing spells fromhis wand as he backed into
the Great Hall, stillscreaminginstructions to hisfollowers as he sent curses flyingleft
and right; Harry castmore Shield Charms, and Voldemort's would-be victims. Seamus
Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, datted past himinto the Great Hall, where they joined the
fight alreadyflourishinginside it.
And now there were more, even more people stormingup thefront steps, and
Harry saw Charlie Weasly overtaking Horace Slughorn, who was stillwearinghis emeral
pijamas. They seemed to have returned at the head of whatlooked like thefamilies and
friends of every Hogwarts student who had remained to fight along with the shopkeeps
and homeowners of Hogsmeade. The centaurs Bane, Ronan and Magorian burst into the
hallwith a great clatter of hooves, as behind Harry the door thatled to the kitchens was
blasted offits hinges.
The house-elves of Hogwarts swarmed intot he entrance hall, screaming and
waving carving knives and cleaver, and at theirhead, thelocker of Regulus Black
bouncing on his chest, was Kreacher, his bullfrog's voice audible even above this din:
"Fight! Fight! Fightfor my Master, defender of house-elves! Fight the Dark Lord, in the
name of brave Regulus! Fight!"
They were hacking and stabbing at the ankles and shimof Death Eaters their tiny
faces alive withmalice, and everywhere Harrylooked Death Eaters werefolding under
sheer weight of numbers, overcome by spells, dragging arrows fromwounds, stabbed in
theleg by elves, or else simply attempting to escape, but swallowed by the oncoming
horde.
Butit was not over yet:Harry sped between duelers, past atruggling prosoners,

and into he Great Hall.
Voldemort was in the center of the battle, and he was striking and smiting al
withinreach. Harry could not get a clear shot, butfoughthis way nearer, stillinvisible,
and the Great Hall becamemore and more crowded as everyone who could walk forced
their wayinside.
Harry saw Yaxley slammed tot hefloor by George and Lee Jordan, saw Dolohov
fallwith a scream at Flitwick's hands, saw Walden Macnair thrown across the room by
Hagrid, hit the stone wallopposite, and slide unconscious to the ground. He saw Ron and
Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback. Aberforth StunningRookwood, Arthur and
Percy flooting Thicknesse, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy running through the crowd,
not even attempting to fight, screamingfor their son.
Voldemort was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, Kingsley all at once, and
there was a cold hatred inhisface as they wove and ducked around him, unable to finish
him -
Bellatrix was stillfighing too, fiftyyards away fromVoldemort, and like her
master she dueled three at once:Hermione, Ginny and Luna, all battling their hardest, but
Bellatrix was equal to them, and Harry's attention was diverted as a Killing Curse shot so
close to Ginny that shemissed death by an inch -
He changed course, running at Bellatrixrather than Voldemort, but before he had
gone afew steps he was knocked sideways.
"NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!"
Mrs. Weasley threw offher cloak as she ran, freeingher arms, Bellatrix spun on
the spot, roaring withlaughter at the sight of the new challenger.
"OUT OF MY WAY!" shouted Mrs. Weasley to the three girls, and with a simple
swipe of her wand she began to duel. Harry watched with terror and elation as Molly
Weasley's wand slashed and twisted, and Bellatrix Lestrange's smilefaltered and became
a snarl. Jets oflightflewfrom both wands, thefloor around the withces' feet became bot
and cracked; both woman were fightingto kill.
"No!" Mrs. Weasley cried as a few students ranforward, trying to come to her aid.
"Get back! Get back! Sheis mine!"
Hundreds of people now lined the walls, watching the two fights, Voldemort and
his three opponents, Bellatrix and Molly, and Harry stood, invisible, torn between both,
wanting to attack and yet to protect, unable to be sure that he would nothit theinnocent.
"What willhappen to your children when I've killed you?" taunted Bellatrix, as
mad as her master, capering as Molly's curses danced around her. "When Mummy's gone
the same way as Freddie?"

"You - will - never - touch - our - children - again!" screamed Mrs. Weasley.
Bellatrixlaughed the same exhilarated laughher cousin Sirius had given as he
toppled backward through the veil, and suddenly Harry knew what was going to happen
before it did.
Molly's curse soared beneath Bellatrix's constreched arm and hither squarelyin
the chest, directly over her heart.
Bellatrix's glounting smilefroze, her eyes seemd to bulge: For the tiniest space of
time she knew what had happened, and then she toppled, and the watching crowd
roared,
and Voldemord screamed.
Harry felt as thoughhe turned into slow motin:he saw McGonagall, Kingsley and
Slughorn blasted backward, flailing and writhing through the air, as Voldemort's fury at
thefall ofhis last, best leutenant exploded with theforce of a bomb, Voldemort raised his
wand and directed it at Molly Weasley.
"Protego!" roared Harry, and the Shield Charm expanded in themiddle of the
Hall, and Voldemort stared around for the source as Harry pulled off the Invisibility
Cloak atlast.
The yell of shock, the cheers, the screams on every side of :"Harry!""HE'S
ALIVE!" were stifled at once. The crowd was afraid, and silencefell abruptly and
completely as Voldemort and Harrylooked at each other, and began, at the same
moment,
to circle each other.
"I don't want anyone else to help," Harry said loudly, and in the total silence his
voice carried like a trumpet call."It's got to be like this. It's got to be me."
Voldemort hissed.
"Potter doesn'tmean that,"he said, his red eyes wide. "This isn't how he works, is
it? Who are you going to use as a shield today, Potter?"
"Nobody," said Harry simply."There are no more Horcruxes. It's just you and me.
Neither can live while the other survives, and one of us is about to leavefor good. . . ."
"One of us?" jeered Voldemort, and his wholy body was taut and his red eyes
stared, a snake that was about to strike. "You think it willbe you, do you, the boy who
has survived by accident, and because Dumbledore was pulling the strings?"
"Accident, was it, when mymother died to saveme?" asked Harry. They were
stillmoving sideways, both of them, in that perfect circle, maintaining the same distance
from each other, and for Harry no face existed but Voldemort's. "Accident, when I
decided to fightin that graveyard? Accident, that I didn't defend myself tonight, and still

survived, and returned to fight again?"
"Accidents!" screamed Voldemort, but stillhe did not strike, and the watching
crowd was frozen as if Petrified, and of the hundreds in the Hall, nobody seemed to
breathe but they two. "Accident and chance and thefact that you crouched and sniveled
behind the skirts of greater men and women, and permitted me to killthemfor you!"
"You won't be killing anyone else tonight," said Harry as they circled, and stared
into each other's eyes, greeninto red. "You won't be able to killany of them ever again.
Don't you getit? I was ready to die to stop youfromhurting these people - "
"Butyou did not!"
" - I meant to, and that's what did it. I've done whatmymother did. They're
protected fromyou. Haven't younoticed how none of the spells you put on themare
binding? You can't torture them. You can't touch them. You don'tlearnfromyour
mistakes, Riddle, do you?"
"You dare -"
"Yes, I dare," said Harry. "I know things you don't know, Tom Riddle. I know
lots ofimportant things that you don't. Want to hear some, before youmake another big
mistake?"
Voldemort did not speak, but powled in a circle, and Harry knew that he kept him
temporarilymesmerized at bay, held back by thefaintest possibility that Harry might
indeed know afinal secret. . . .
"Is itlove again?" said Voldemort, his snake's face jeering."Dumbledore favorite
solution, love, whichhe claimed conqered death, thoughlove did not stop himfalling
fromthe tower and breakinglike and old waxwork? Love, which did not preventme
stamping outyour Modblood mother like a cockroack, Potter - and nobody seems to
love
you enough to runforward this time and take my curse. So what willstop you dyingnow
when I strike?"
"Just one thing," said Harry, and stillthey circled each other, wrapped in each
other, held apart by nothing but thelast secret.
"Ifitis notlove that willsave you this time," said Voldemort, "you must believe
thatyou havemagic thati do not, or else a weapon more powerfulthanmine?"
"I believe both," said Harry, and he saw shock flit across the snakelikeface,
thoughit was instantly dispelled; Voldemort began to laugh, and the sound was more
frightening than his screams; humorles and insane, it echoed around the silentHall.
"You think you know more magic than I do?" he said. "Than I, than Lord
Voldemort, who has performed magic that Dumbledore himselfnever dreamed of?"

"Oh he dreamed ofit," said Harry,"but he knew more than you, knew enoughnot
to do what you've done."
"Youmean he was weak!" screamed Voldemort. "Too weak to dare, too weak to
take whatmighthave been his, what willbe mine!"
"No, he was cleverer thanyou," said Harry, "a better wizard, a better man."
"I brought about the death of Albus Dumbledore!"
"You thoughtyou did," said Harry, "but you were wrong."
For thefrist time, the watching crowd stirred as the hundreds of people around the
walls drew breath as one.
"Dumbledore is dead!" Voldemort hurled the words at Harry as in themarble
tomb in the grounds of this castle, I have seenit, Potter, and he willnot return!"
"Yes, Dumbledore is dead," said Harry calmly,"butyou didn't have himkilled.
He chose his ownmanner of dying, chose itmonths before he died, arranged the whole
thing with theman you thought was your servant."
"What chldish dreamis this?" said Voldemort, but stillhe did not strike, and his
red eyes did not waver fromHarry's.
"Severus Snape wasn't yours," said Harry."Snape was Dumbledore's.
Dumbledore's from themomentyou startinghunting down mymother. And you never
realized it, because of the thingyou can'tunderstand. You never saw Snape cast a
Patronus, did you, Riddle?"
Voldemort did not answer. They continued to circle each other like wolves about
to tear each other apart.
"Snape's Patronus was a doe," said Harry,"the same as mymother's, because he
loved her for nearly all ofhislife, from the time when they were children. You should
have realized,"he said as he saw Voldemort's nostrilsflare, "he asked you to spare her
life, didn't he?"
"He desired her, that was all," sneered Voldemort, "but when she had gone, he
agreed that there were other women, and of purer blood, worhier of him - "
"Of course he told you that," said Harry, "buthe was Dumbledore's spy fromthe
moment you threatened her, and he's been working againstyou ever since! Dumbledore
was already dying when Snape finished him!"
"Itmatters not!" shrieked Voldemort, who had followed every word with rapt
attention, but now let out a cackle ofmad laughter. "Itmatters not whether Snape was
mine or Dumbledore's, or what petty obstacles they tried to putinmy path! I crushed
them as I crushed your mother, Snape's supposed great love! Oh, butit allmakes sense,
Potter, and in ways thatyou do not understand!

"Dumbledore was trying to keep the Elder Wand fromme! He intended that
Snape should be the truemaster of the wand! But I got there ahead of you, little boy - I
reached the wand before you could get your hands onit, I understood the truth before
you
caughtup. I killed Severus Snape three hours ago, and the Elder Wand, the Deathstick,
the Wand of Destinyis trulymine! Dumbledore's last plan went wrong, Harry Potter!"
"Yeah, it did." said Harry. "You're right. But before you try to killme, I'd advise
you think whatyou've done . . . . Think, and tryfor some remorse, Riddle. . . ."
"Whatis this?"
Of allthe things that Harry had said to him, beyond any revelation or taunt,
nothinghad socked Voldemortlike this. Harry saw is pupils contract to thin slits, saw the
skin around his eyes whiten.
"It's your onelast chance," said Harry,"it's allyou've gotleft. . . . I've seen what
you'll be otherwise. . . . Be a man. . . try. . . Tryfor some remorse. . . ."
 "You dare --- ?" said Voldemort again.
"Yes, I dare," said Harry, "because Dumbledore's last plan hasn't backfired on
me at all. It's backfired on you, Riddle."
Voldemort's hand was trembling on the Elder Wand, and Harrygripped Draco's
very tightly. Themoment, he knew, was seconds away.
"That wand stillisn't working properlyfor you because youmurdered the wrong
person. Severus Snape was never the truemaster of the Elder Wand. He never defeated
Dumbledore."
"He killed --- "
"Aren't you listening? Snape never beat Dumbledore! Dumbledore's death was
planned between them! Dumbledore instended to die, undefeated, the wand's last true
master! If allhad gone as planned, the wand's power would have died withhim, because
ithad never been wonfromhim!"
"But then, Potter, Dumbledore as good as gaveme the wand!"Voldemort's voice
shook withmalicious pleasure. "I stole the wand fromits lastmaster's tomb! I removed it
against thelastmaster's wishes! Its power is mine!"
"You stilldon't getit, Riddle, do you? Possessing the wand isn't enough! Holding
it, usingit, doesn'tmake it reallyyours. Didn't youlisten to Ollivander? The wand
chooses the wizard . . . The Elder Wand recognized a new master before Dumbledore
died, someone who never evenlaid a hand on it. The new master removed the wand from
Dumbledore against his will, never realizing exactly what he had done, or that the
world's most dangerous wand had givenhimits allegiance . . ."

Voldemort's chest rose and fellrapidly, and Harry could feel the curse coming,
feelit buildinginside the wand pointed athis face.
"The truemaster of the Elder Wand was Draco Malfoy."
Blank shock showed in Voldemort's face for amoment, but thenit was gone.
"But what does itmatter?"he said softly. "Evenifyou are right, Potter, itmakes
no difference to you and me. You no longer have the phoenix wand: We duel on skill
alone . . . and after I have killed you, I can attend to Draco Malfoy . . ."
"Butyou're too late," said Harry. "You'vemissed your chance. I got there first. I
overpowered Draco weeks ago. I took his wand fromhim."
Harry twitched the hawthorn wand, and he felt the eyes of everyonein the Hall
uponit.
"So it all comes down to this, doesn'tit?" whispered Harry. "Does the wand in
your hand know its lastmaster was Disarmed? Because ifit does . . . I am the true master
of the Elder Wand."
A red-glow burst suddenly across the enchanted sky above them as an edge of
dazzling sun appeared over the sill of thenearest window. Thelighthit both of theirfaces
at the same time, so that Voldemort's was suddenly aflaming blur. Harry heard the high
voice shriek as he too yelled his best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco's wand:
"Avada Kedavra!"
"Expelliarmus!"
The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between
them, at the dead center of the circle theyhad been treading, marked the point where the
spells collided. Harry saw Voldemort's green jetmeet his own spell, saw the Elder Wand
flyhigh, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceilinglike the head of
Nagini, spinning through the air toward themaster it would not kill, who had come to
take fullpossession ofit atlast. And Harry, with the unerring skillof the Seeker, caught
the wand inhisfree hand as Voldemortfell backward, arms splayed, the slit pupils of the
scarlet eyes rollingupward. TomRiddle hit thefloor with a mundanefinality, his body
feeble and shrunken, the white hands empty, the snakelikeface vacant and unknowing.
Voldemort was dead, killed by his own rebounding curse, and Harry stood with two
wands inhis hand, staring down at his enemy's shell.
One shivering second of silence, the shock of themoment suspended: and then the
tumult broke around Harry as the screams and the cheers and the roars of the watchers
rent the air. Thefierce new sun dazzled the windows as they thundered toward him, and
thefirst to reach himwere Ron and Hermione, and itwas their arms that were wrapped
around him, theirincomprehensible shouts that deafened him. The Ginny, Neville, and

Luna were there, and then allthe Weasleys and Hagrid, and Kingsley and McGonagall
and Flitwick and Sprout, and Harry could not hear a word that anyone was shouting, not
tellwhose hands were seizinghim, pullinghim, trying to hug some part of him, hundreds
of them pressingin, all of them determined to touch the Boy Who Lived, the reason it
was over atlast ---
The sun rose steadily over Hogwarts, and the Great Hall blazed withlife and light.
Harry was an indispensible part of themingled outpourings of jubilation and mourning,
of grief and celebration. They wanted himthere with them, their leader and symbol, their
savior and their guide, and thathe had not slept, that he craved the company of only a few
of them, seemed to occur to no one. He must speak to the bereaved, clasp their hands,
witness their tears, receive their thanks, hear the news now creepinginfrom every quarter
as themorning drew on; that the Imperiused up and down the country had come back to
themselves, that Death Eaters were fleeing or else being captured, that theinnocent of
Azkaban were being released at that verymoment, and that Kingsley Shacklebolt had
been named temporary Minister of Magic.
Theymoved Voldemort's body and laiditin a chamber off the Hall, away form
the bodies of Fred, Tonks, Lupin, ColinCreevey, and fifty others who had died fighting
him. McGonagallhad replaced the House tables, not nobody was sitting according to
House anymore:Allwere jumbled together, teachers and pupils, ghosts and parents,
centaurs and house-elves, and Firenzelay recoveringin the corner, and Grawp peered in
through a smashed window, and people were throwingfood into hislaughingmouth.
After a while, exhausted and drained, Harryfound himselfsitting on a bench beside Luna.
"I'd want some peace and quiet, ifit were me," she said.
"I'd love some,"he replied.
"I'll distract them all," she said. "Use your cloak."
And before he could say a word, she had cried, "Oooh, look, a Blibbering
Humdinger!" and pointed out the window. Everyone who heard looked around, and
Harry slid the Cloak up over himself, and got to hisfeet.
Now he could move through the Hallwithoutinterference. He spotted Ginny two
tables away; she was sitting withher head on her mother's shoulder:There would be time
to talk later, hours and days and maybe years in which to talk. He saw Neville, the sword
of Gryffindor lying beside his plate as he ate, surrounded by a knot of fervent admirers.
Along the aisle between the tables he walked, and he spotted the three Malfoys, huddled
together as thoughunsure whether or not they were supposed to be there, but nobody
was
paying them any attention. Everywhere he looked, he saw families reunited, and finally,

he saw the two whose companyhe craved most.
"It's me,"hemuttered, crouching down between them. "Willyou come with
me?"
They stood up at once, and together he, Ron and Hermioneleft the Great Hall.
Great chunks were missingfromthemarble staircase, part of the balustrade gone, and
rubble and bloodstains occurred ever few steps as their climbed.
Somewherein the distance they could hear Peeves zooming through the
corridors singing a victory song of his own composition:


We did it, we bashed them, wee Potter's the one,
And Voldy's gone moldy, so now let's have fun!


"Reallygives a feelingfor the scope and tragedy of the thing, doesn'tit?" said
Ron, pushing open a door to let Harry and Hermione through.
Happiness would come, Harry though, but at themomentitwas muffled by
exhaustion, and the pain oflosing Fred and Lupin and Tonks pierced himlike a physical
wound everyfew steps. Most of allhefeltthemost stupendous relief, and a longing to
sleep. Butfirst he owed an explanation to Ron and Hermione, who had stuck withhimfor
so long, and who deserved the truth. Painstakinglyhe recounted what he had seemin the
Pensieve and whathad happened in theforest, and they had not even begun to express all
their shock and amazement, when atlast they arrived at the place to which theyhad been
walking, thoughnone of themhad mentioned their destination.
Since he had last seen it, the gargoyle guarding the entrance to the headmaster's
study had been knocked aside; it stood lopsided, looking alittle punch-drunk, and Harry
wondered whether itwould be able to distinguish passwords anymore.
"Can we go up?"he asked the gargoyle.
"Feelfree,"groaned the statue.
They clambered over him and onto the spiral stone staircase thatmoved slowly
upward like an escalator. Harry pushed open the door at the top.
He had one, briefglimpse of the stone Pensieve on the desk where he had leftit,
and then an earsplittingnoisemade him cry out, thinking of curses and returning Death
Eaters and the rebirth of Voldemort ---
Butit was applause. All around the walls, the headmasters and headmistresses of
Hogwarts were givinghim a standing ovation; they waved theirhats and in some cases
their wigs, they reached through theirframes to grip each other's hands; they danced up

and down on their chairs in which they have been painted:Dilys Derwent sobbed
unashamedly; Dexter Fortescue was wavinghis ear-trumpet; and Phineas Niggelus called,
inhis high, reedy voice, "And letit be noted that Slytherin House played its part! Let our
contribution not beforgotten!"
But Harryhad eyes onlyfor theman who stood in thelargest portrait directly
behind the headmaster's chair. Tears were sliding downfrom behind the half-moon
spectacles into thelong silver beard, and the pride and the gratitude emanatingfromhim
filled Harry with the same balm as phoenixsong.
Atlast, Harry held up hishands, and the portraits fellrespectfully silent, beaming
and mopping their eyes and waiting eagerlyfor himto speak. He directed his words at
Dumbledore, however, and chose themwith enormous care. Exhausted and bleary-eyed
thoughhe was, hemustmake onelast effort, seeking onelast piece of advice.
"The thing that was hiddenin the Snitch,"he began, "I dropped itin theforest. I
don't exactlyhere, but I'mnot going to go lookingfor it again. Do you agree?"
"My dear boy, I do," said Dumbledore, whilehisfellow pictures looked confused
and curious. "A wise and courageous decision, but no less than I would have expected of
you. Does anyone know else know where itfell?"
"No one," said Harry, and Dumbledore nodded his satisfaction.
"I'mgoing to keep Ignotus's present, though," said Harry, and Dumbledore
beamed.
"But of course, Harry, itis yours forever, untilyou pass it on!"
"And then there's this."
Harry held up the Elder Wand, and Ron and Hermionelooked at itwith a
reverence that, eveninhis befuddled and sleep-deprived state, Harry did notlike to see.
"I don't wantit." said Harry.
"What?" said Ronloudly. "Are youmental?"
"I know it's powerful,"said Harry wearily."But I was happier withmine. So . . ."
He rummaged in the pouchhung around his neck, and pulled out the two halves
of holly tstilljust connected by thefinest threat of phoenixfeather. Hermione had said
that they could not be repaired, that the damage was too severe. Allhe knew was thatif
this did not work, nothing would.
Helaid the broken wand upon the headmaster's desk, touched it with the very tip
of the Elder Wand, and said, "Reparo."
As his wand resealed, red sparks flew out ofits end. Harry knew that he had
succeeded. He picked up the holly and phoenix wand and felt a sudden warmth inhis
fingers, as though wand and hand were rejoicing at their reunion.

"I'm putting the Elder Wand,"he told Dumbledore, who was watchinghimwith
enormous affection and admiration, "back where it camefrom. It can stay there. IfI die a
natural deathlike Ignotus, its power willbe broken, won'tit? The previous master will
never have been defeated. That'll be the end ofit.
Dumbledore nodded. They smiled at each other.
"Are you sure?" said Ron. There was the faintest trace oflonginginhis voice as
helooked at the Elder Wand.
"I think Harry's right," said Hermione quietly.
"That wand's more trouble than it's worth." said Harry. "And quite honestly,"he
turned away from the painted portraits, thinkingnow only of thefour-poster bed lying
waitingfor himin Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bringhim a
sandwich there, "I've had enough trouble for a lifetime."


Epilogue
Nineteen Years Later


Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. Themorning of thefirst of September was
crisp as an apple, and as thelittlefamilybobbed across the rumbling road toward the
great sooty station, thefumes of car exhausts and the breath of pedestrians sparkled like
cobwebs in the cold air. Two large cages tattled on top of theladen trolleys the parents
were pushing; the owlsinside themhooted indignantly, and the redheaded girltrailed
fearfully behind here brothers, clutching her father's arm.
"It won't be long, and you'll be going too," Harry told her.
"Two years," sniffed Lily."I want to go now!"
The commuters stared curiously at the owls as thefamily woveits way toward the
barrier between platforms nine and ten, Albus's voice drifted back to Harry over the
surrounding clamor; his sons had resumed the argument theyhad started in the car.
"I won't! I won't be a Slytherin!"
"James, giveit a rest!" said Ginny.
"I only said hemight be," said James, grinning athis younger brother. "There's
nothing wrong with that. Hemight bein Slytherin"
But James caughthis mother's eye and fellsilent. Thefive Potters approached the
barrier. With a slightly cocky look over his shoulder at hisyounger brother, James took
the trolleyfromhis mother and broke into a run. A momentlater, he had vanished.

"You'llwrite to me, won't you?" Albus asked his parents immediately,
capitalizing on themomentary absence ofhis brother.
"Every day, of you want us to," said Ginny.
"Not every day," said Albus quickly, "James says most people onlygetletters
fromhome about once a month."
"We wrote to James three times a week last year," said Ginny.
"And you don't want to believe everythinghe tells you about Hogwarts," Harry
putin. "Helikes a laugh, your brother."
Side by side, they pushed the second trolleyforward, gathering speed. As they
reached the barrier, Albus winced, but no collision came. Instead, thefamily emerged
onto platformnine and three-quarters, which was obscured by thick white steamthat was
pouringfromthe scarlet Hogwarts Express. Indistinctfigures were swarming through the
mist, into which James had already disappeared.
"Where are they?" asked Albus anxiously, peering at the hazyforms they passed
as theymade their way down the platform.
"We'llfind them," said Ginny reassuringly.
But the vapor was dense, and it was difficult to make out anybody's faces.
Detached from their owners, voices sounded unnaturallyloud, Harry thoughthe head
Percy discoursingloudly on broomstick regulations, and was quite glad of the excuse not
to stop and say hello. . . .
"I think that's them, Al," said Ginny suddenly.
A group offour people emerged from themist, standing alongside the verylast
carriage. Their faces only cameinto focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and Albus had drawn
rightup to them.
"Hi," said Albus, soundingimmensely relieved.
Roses, who was already wearingher brand-new Hogwarts robes, beamed at him.
"Parked allright, then?" Ron asked Harry."I did. Hermione didn't believe I could
pass a Muggle driving test, did you? She thought I'd have to Confound the examiner."
"No, I didn't," said Hermione, "I had completefaithinyou."
"As a matter offact, I did Confund him,"Ron whispered to Harry, as together
theylifted Albus's trunk and owl onto the train."I onlyforgot to look in the wingmirror,
and let's face it, I can use a Supersensory Charmfor that."
Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Rose's younger brother, having
an animated discussion about which House they would be sorted into when theyfinally
went to Hogwarts.
"Ifyou're notin Gryffindor, we'll disinherityou," said Ron,"butno pressure."

"Ron!"
Lily and Hugo laughed, but Albus and Rose looked solemn.
"He doesn'tmeanit," said Hermione and Ginny, but Ron was no longer paying
attention. Catching Harry's eye, he nodded covertly to a point somefiftyyards away. The
steamhad thinned for a moment, and three people stood in sharp relief against the
shiftingmist.
"Look who itis."
Draco Malfoy was standing there withhis wife and son, a dark coat buttoned up
to his throat. His hair was receding somewhat, which emphasized the pointed chin. The
new boy resembled Draco as much as Albus resembled Harry. Draco caught sight of
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny staring at him, nodded curtly, and turned away again.
"So that's little Scorpius," said Ron under his breath."Make sure you beat himin
every test, Rosie. Thank God youinherited your mother's brains."
"Ron, for heaven's sake," said Hermione, half stern, half amused. "Don't try to
turn them against each other before they've even started school!"
"You're right, sorry," said Ron, but unable to help himself, he added, "Don't get
too friendly withhim, though, Rosie. Granddad Weasley would never forgive youifyou
married a pureblood."
"Hey!"
James had reappeared; he had divested himself ofhis trunk, owl, and trolley, and
was evidently bursting withnews.
"Teddy's back there,"he said breathlessly, pointing back over his shoulder into
the billowing clouds of steam. "Just seen him! And guess what he's doing? Snogging
Victoire!"
He gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by thelack of reaction.
"Our Teddy! Teddy Lupin! Snogging our Victoire! Our cousin! And I asked teddy
what he was doing --"
"Youinterrupted them?" said Ginny."You are so like Ron --"
"-- and he said he'd come to see her off! And thenhe told me to go away. He's
snoggingher!" James added as though worried he had notmade himself clear.
"Oh, it would be lovelyif they gotmarried!" whispered Lily ecstatically."Teddy
would really be part of thefamilythen!"
"He already comes round for dinner aboutfour times a week," said Harry"Why
don't we justinvitehimto live withis and have done withit?"
"Yeah!" said James enthusiastically."I don'tmind sharing with Al--Teddy could
havemy room!"

"No," said Harry firmly,"you and Alwillshare a room only when I want the
house demolished."
He checked the battered old watch thathad once been Fabian Prewett's.
"It's nearly eleven, you'd better get on board."
"Don'tforget to give Neville our love!" Ginny told James as she hugged him.
"Mum! I can't give a professor love!"
"Butyou know Neville--"
James rolled his eyes.
"Outside, yeah, but at schoolhe's Professor Longbottom, isn't he? I can't walk into
Herbology and givehimlove. . . ."
Shakinghis head at his mother's foolishness, he vented his feelings by aiming a
kick at Albus.
"See youlater, Al. Watch outfor the thestrals."
"I thought they wereinvisible? You said they wereinvisible!"
but James merelylaughed, permitted hismother to kiss him,gave his father a
fleetinghug, thenleapt onto the rapidlyfilling train. They saw himwave, then sprint
away up the corridor to find his friends.
"Thestrals are nothing to worry about," Harry told Albus. "They're gentle things,
there's nothing scare about them. Anyway, you won't be goingup to schoolin the
carriages, you'll be goingin the boats."
Ginny kissed Albus good-bye.
"See you at Christmas."
"Bye, Al," said Harry as his son hugged him."Don'tforget Hagrid's invited you to
tea next Friday. Don'tmess with Peeves. Don't duel anyone tillyou're learned how. And
don't let James wind youup."
"WhatifI'min Slytherin?"
The whisper was for his father alone, and Harry knew that only themoment of
departure could haveforced Albus to revealhow great and sincere thatfear was.
Harry crouched down so that Albus's face was slightly above his own. Alone of
Harry's three children, Albus had inherited Lily's eyes.
"Ablus Severus," Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she
was tactfulenough to pretend to be waving to rose, who was now on the train,"you were
named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of themwas a Slytherin and he was
probably the bravestman I ever knew."
"But just say--"
"--then Slytherin House willhave gained an excellent student, won'tit? It doesn't

matter to us, Al. Butifitmatter to you, you'll be able to choose Gryffindor over Slytherin.
The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account."
"Really?"
"It did for me," said Harry.
He had never told any ofhis children that before, and he saw the wonder in
Albus's face when he said it. Buthow the doorsr were slamming allalong the scarlet train,
and the blurred outlines of parents swarmingforward for final kisses, last-minute
reminders, Albus jumped into the carriage and ginny closed the door behind him.
Students were hangingfromthe windows nearest them. A great number offaces, both on
the train and off, seemed to be turned toward Harry.
"Why are they allstaring?" demanded Albus as he and rose craned around to look
at the other students.
"Don'tletitworry you," said Ron. "It's me, I'm extremelyfamous."
Albus, Rose, Hugo, and Lilylaughed. The train began to more, and Harry walked
alongside it, watchinghis son's thinface, already ablaze with excitement. Harry kept
smiling and waving, even thoughitwas like a little bereavement, watchinghis son glide
away fromhim. . . .
Thelast trace of steam evaporated in the autumn air. The train rounded a corner.
Harry's hand was stillraised infarewell.
"He'll be alright,"murmured Ginny.
As Harrylooked dat her, helowered his hand absentmindedly and touched the
lightning scar on his forehead.
"I know he will."
The scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. Allwas well.

